<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8">
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
<title>Mtg 35 Contd Feb 6, 2018 – Don Glendenning Archive</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../css/style.css">
<style>
.reader-content {
    background: var(--card-bg);
    border: 1px solid var(--card-border);
    border-radius: 8px;
    padding: 2rem 2.5rem;
    margin: 1.5rem 0;
    line-height: 1.8;
    font-size: 1rem;
}
.reader-content p { margin: 0.8em 0; }
.reader-content pre {
    white-space: pre-wrap;
    word-wrap: break-word;
    font-family: Georgia, 'Times New Roman', serif;
    font-size: 1rem;
    line-height: 1.8;
}
.reader-summary {
    font-style: italic;
    color: var(--muted);
    font-size: 0.92rem;
    margin-bottom: 1.5rem;
    padding-bottom: 1rem;
    border-bottom: 1px solid var(--card-border);
}
</style>
</head>
<body>

<header class="site-header">
  <h1>Mtg 35 Contd Feb 6, 2018</h1>
  <div class="subtitle">Education Philosophy &amp; Reform</div>
</header>

<div class="container">

<div class="breadcrumb">
  <a href="../../index.html">Home</a> <span class="sep">›</span>
  <a href="../index.html">Education Philosophy &amp; Reform</a> <span class="sep">›</span>
  Mtg 35 Contd Feb 6, 2018
</div>

<div class="reader-summary">Detailed minutes from February 6, 2018 meeting document significant organizational and educational developments. Ross Reid elected as secretary. Minutes from November and January meetings approved. Don&#x27;s President&#x27;s Report covered: a letter requesting meetings with provincial party leaders (Green Party responded positively); meetings with Minister of Education forthcoming; math transition project focus on alignment/consistency of terminology and skepticism about teachers assigning proficiency levels (preferring independent regulatory bodies); new perspective on math skills as clusters of demonstrated abilities. Treasurer&#x27;s report shows $1,400 account balance. Souris Research Project discussion addressed Skills PEI insurance requirement ($2 million coverage), need for consultant proposals with letters of intent vs. full proposals, deliverable clarification, and project timeline definition. Don and Katherine assigned to sign funding application to SkillsPEI. Board discussion revealed concerns about online education accessibility barriers and identified Souris research as potential pilot for broader community education gap-filling initiatives. Don proposed Education 20/20 could develop and fund its own courses. Board members agreed to defer course development decisions pending data from Souris research. Insurance discussion concluded not immediately necessary given organization size. Fundraising discussion noted Don&#x27;s willingness to pursue personal fundraising with board support.</div>

<div class="reader-content">
<p><b>Education 20/20 Meeting No. 35: Minutes(cont.)</b></p>
<p>Location:	Haviland Club, 2 Haviland Street, Charlottetown, PE</p>
<p>Date:	Tuesday, February 6 2018</p>
<p>Time:	3:30-4:30</p>
<p>Attendees:	Don Glendenning, Tess Miller, Katherine Mcquaid, Bill Whelan, Donald Desroches, Ron Macintosh, Ross Reid (Secretary)</p>
<p>Agenda items</p>
<p>1)	Election of Secretary</p>
<p>2)	Approval of Minutes of meeting No. 34 and notes of meeting on January 10, 2018</p>
<p>3)	Election of Secretary</p>
<p>4)	Open Discussion: Possible Research Questions</p>
<p>5)	Presidents Report:</p>
<p>-	UPSE Presentation</p>
<p>-	Meeting with MLA’s</p>
<p>-	Math Transition</p>
<p>6)	Business Arising:</p>
<p>-	Treasurer’s Report</p>
<p>-	STEAM Project</p>
<p>-	Learning Day</p>
<p>-	Souris Research Project</p>
<p>-	Life-long Learning Advisor</p>
<p>7)	Other Business:</p>
<p>-	Insurance</p>
<p>-	Fund raising</p>
<p>8)	Next meeting</p>
<p>-	Amber sends her regrets for being unable to attend the meeting.</p>
<p>-	Don moved to appoint Ross as secretary of Education 20/20, the motion was carried forward by Katherine (second) and Tess (third).<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span></p>
<p>-	Don moved to accept the minutes from the meeting on November 23/17, motion was carried.</p>
<p>-	Don moved to accept the notes from the meeting on January 10/18, motion was carried.</p>
<p>-	Don has sent a letter requesting a meeting with MLA’s to all of the provincial political parties. The Green Party responded quickly and had a meeting with Don. They expressed interest in further discussion with Education 20/20.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span></p>
<p>-	Don gave an update on the Math transition project, he is interested in the alignment and consistency of terminology between math and other disciplines. He re-iterated his belief that assigning levels is a function best suited for independent regulatory bodies, and not teachers. He informed us of some new perspectives he has had on Math skills being a collection of skills, the way the skills are demonstrated and ‘clustered’.</p>
<p>-	Don gave an amended version of the treasurer’s report in Amber’s absence.</p>
<p>-	Considering Amber’s absence, we postponed any discussion of her STEAM project, and the Life-long Learning Advisor proposal until she was available to speak to the issue.</p>
<p>-	Ross spoke about the “Learning Day” workshop. His perspective was that the event was a success, in that it brought a diverse group of experiences and expertise together to discuss pressing issues in education.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span></p>
<p>-	Don informed us of some developments concerning the Souris research project. Education 20/20 is unable to earn a management fee for this project. We discussed some possible data collection agencies to carry out the research. The discussion then moved to how we would select the data collection agency for the project Tess suggested that asking a firm to submit a proposal may be more effort than it is worth for a project of this size (financially), and that we may dissuade potential partners with this requirement. It was suggested by Tess and Katherine that we have consultants submit a letter of intent. This was an agreeable suggestion to the other board members.</p>
<p>-	The discussion then moved to the need to clarify the content of the deliverables to be submitted by any consultant, such as what does the interim report consist of, and the timetable for the project).<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span></p>
<p>-	{Action} The board members decided that the President (Don) and Vice President (Katherine) should sign the application for the funding of the research project and deliver it to SkillsPEI.</p>
<p>-	The floor was then opened for some open discussion. Katherine mentioned the E-force website, which is an online education tool, which is free to use for the public, and how it has not been as successful as people had thought. Tess mentioned how online courses are sometimes an impediment for those people who are not comfortable using the internet and computers. This fact is especially problematic as it seems this is a part of the population that need access to continuing education resources the most.</p>
<p>-	Don asked, are we able to create a (physical) space to meet people’s education needs. Katherine wondered if we good identify educational gaps, and deliver this information to those institutions with the funding and the infrastructure already in place to deliver these courses. Bill asked whether if it were possible or desirable to begin making connection with other organizations to teach courses as need, and he wondered if perhaps Education 20/20 could serve a role in making these connections? All board members agreed that the Souris research project could serve as a pilot, or entering wedge, into furthering these discussions and perhaps providing some answers.<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span></p>
<p>-	Don suggested that it could be possible for us as an organization to develop our own courses and pay instructors to deliver them, he believes we could get the funding. There was some great discussion on how we might do this, and whether it was the most practical way of meeting the needs of our community and continuing education. In the end it was agreed that it would be best to make these decisions when we have access to some data about what sorts of gaps there are in community education, and that the Souris research project will be a great starting point for developing these ideas more fully.</p>
<p>-	The next item on the agenda was the matter of whether Education 20/20 needed insurance. The consensus at the time was that unless it was required for projects that we were involved in, that it does not seem necessary considering the size and nature of our organization. If and when that changes, then we will re-visit this issue.</p>
<p>-	Final item on the agenda was fundraising. Bon and Bill had played with the idea of doing some fundraising from our website. Ron mentioned how typically organizations get funding from private business’s whose agenda is aligned in some way with the organization. As an educational organization, the prospects for such a funding relationship are not obvious but it is something to consider. Don said that he is willing, and eager, to try to do some fundraising on his own, which the board members were in support of.</p>
<p><br></p>
<p>-	The next meeting is scheduled for April 4, 2018 at 3:30 at the Haviland Club, Charlottetown, PE.</p>
<p><br></p>
<p><br></p>
<p>Action items	Owner(s)	Deadline	Status</p>
<p>Signed Copy of Proposal for<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span></p>
<p>SkillsPEI	Don Glendenning, and Katherine Mcquaid	Tentative	In Progress<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span></p>
<p><br></p>
<p><br></p>
<p><br></p>
</div>

<a class="file-link-btn" href="../files/Mtg%2035%20Contd%20Feb%206%2C%202018.docx">Download Original</a>

</div>

<footer class="site-footer">
  <a href="../index.html">&larr; Back to Education Philosophy &amp; Reform</a> &middot;
  <a href="../../index.html">Archive Home</a>
</footer>

</body>
</html>