<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8">
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
<title>#110-Minutes for January 16, 2008 – Don Glendenning Archive</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../css/style.css">
<style>
.reader-content {
    background: var(--card-bg);
    border: 1px solid var(--card-border);
    border-radius: 8px;
    padding: 2rem 2.5rem;
    margin: 1.5rem 0;
    line-height: 1.8;
    font-size: 1rem;
}
.reader-content p { margin: 0.8em 0; }
.reader-content pre {
    white-space: pre-wrap;
    word-wrap: break-word;
    font-family: Georgia, 'Times New Roman', serif;
    font-size: 1rem;
    line-height: 1.8;
}
.reader-summary {
    font-style: italic;
    color: var(--muted);
    font-size: 0.92rem;
    margin-bottom: 1.5rem;
    padding-bottom: 1rem;
    border-bottom: 1px solid var(--card-border);
}
</style>
</head>
<body>

<header class="site-header">
  <h1>#110-Minutes for January 16, 2008</h1>
  <div class="subtitle">Professional Career &amp; Consulting</div>
</header>

<div class="container">

<div class="breadcrumb">
  <a href="../../index.html">Home</a> <span class="sep">›</span>
  <a href="../index.html">Professional Career &amp; Consulting</a> <span class="sep">›</span>
  #110-Minutes for January 16, 2008
</div>

<div class="reader-summary">Minutes from Meeting #110 (January 16, 2008) showing Don&#x27;s continued strategic leadership and involvement in major initiatives. Documents election of 2008 Executive with John Robinson as President and Tom Davies as Vice President. Notes Don&#x27;s presentations on PowerPoint and involvement in policy manual development. Critical agenda item: Board agreed to explore separate fundraising dinner event to increase operating funds, with Don Glendenning chairing the planning committee (with support from David, Norman, Myron, and Donnie). Shows Don&#x27;s multi-faceted role spanning governance, financial stewardship, publicity, and strategic planning. Annual meeting proposed for February 20, 2008 at Stratford Municipal Offices.</div>

<div class="reader-content">
<p><b></b><br></p>
<p><b></b><br></p>
<p><b>COMMUNITY FOUNDATION OF PRINCE EDWARD ISLAND</b></p>
<p><b></b><br></p>
<p><b>Board Minutes</b></p>
<p><br></p>
<p><b>Meeting No:		Meeting #110</b></p>
<p><b>Date and time:	10:00 a.m., January 16, 2008</b></p>
<p><b>Location:		Board Room, Century 21, St. Peters Road	</b>	</p>
<p><br></p>
<p>In attendance: Norman Carruthers, David Campbell, Myron MacKay,<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span></p>
<p>Tom Davies, Joyce Gaudet, Don Glendenning,<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span></p>
<p>Lou Ann Thomson</p>
<p>Regrets: 	John Ives, David Anderson, Heather MacDonald, Marie Salamoun-Dunne</p>
<p>Guests;	John Robinson, Donald MacDonald</p>
<p><br></p>
<p><br></p>
<p>Call to Order and Welcome</p>
<p>Approval of Agenda</p>
<p>Approval of Minutes of meeting #109 (distributed earlier)</p>
<p><br></p>
<p>Business Arising</p>
<p>Treasurer’s Report – Myron: Budget presented, discussed and amended; Myron/David: approved as modified.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span><b>(Revised budget attached)</b><b></b></p>
<p>IAHSP Closeout – Myron: Everything in order; documents given to Ives and Wright for audit;<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>in view of work involved in recovering unclaimed GST any refund will accrue to CFPEI operating account (David/Myron) <b>Approved</b></p>
<p>Plans for 2008 –“priority being to increase visibility and understanding in the donor community” – Norman agreed to convene committee to make<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>recommendations <b>(NOTE:<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>As a result of later decision to undertake fundraising dinner, this committee is on hold)<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span></b><b></b></p>
<p>Office upgrade – Donnie: work expected to commence very soon</p>
<p>Minimum fund amounts (See attached SD-1 Revised) Don/Myron <b>Approved</b><b></b></p>
<p>“10-year Direction” for fundraisers – required for all funds being placed in an endowment – <b>Policy to be followed</b><b></b></p>
<p>Alternative investment policy (See attached SD 2 (Revised) Don/Myron: <b>Approved</b><b></b></p>
<p><br></p>
<p>Committee reports</p>
<p>Granting	 – Tom:- No recommendations</p>
<p>Investment 	– David C: will convene Committee after report is completed; Anne Jackson<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>to be invited.</p>
<p>Publicity 	- Don: Georgetown Community conversation to be rescheduled. Probably week of February 12 – <b>Lou Ann</b><b></b></p>
<p>Nominating 	- Norman: Proposed Executive for 2008:<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span></p>
<p>President, 	John Robinson</p>
<p>VP		Tom Davies</p>
<p>Treasurer	Myron MacKay</p>
<p>Sec.		Joyce Gaudet</p>
<p>Past Pres		Norman Carruthers</p>
<p>Chair of GrantingTom Davies<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span></p>
<p>			</p>
<p><br></p>
<p>:</p>
<p>Finance 	- Myron: nothing new to report</p>
<p>IAHSP Audit 	– John Ives/George Wright</p>
<p>Admin and Support- Norman:<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span></p>
<p>Development	- No chair</p>
<p>Liaison and leadership- Update on Souris Health; Summer Islanders; US citizens	</p>
<p>Other reports – none</p>
<p><br></p>
<p>New<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>business</p>
<p>Updated Investment policy –Distributed</p>
<p>Powerpoint – Presentation by Donnie; some changes were suggested</p>
<p>Policy Manual – referred to Executive for review; probably a needs for a privacy statement</p>
<p>Agriculture on PEI – role of CFPEI; brief discussion; importance of agriculture discussed as well as seriousness of crisis.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span><b>Future agenda</b><b></b></p>
<p>Treasurer pointed out that our operating funds need to be increased.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Board agreed to explore a separate fund raising event; probably a dinner; Roma Point was suggested.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span><b>Don Glendenning</b> agreed to convene a small committee to discuss.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>David, Norman, Myron, Donnie offered to help.</p>
<p>Annual meeting proposed for <b>February 20</b> at Stratford Municipal Offices</p>
<p><br></p>
<p>Next meeting	<b>February 20</b> (Depending on arrangements for Annual Meeting)</p>
<p><br></p>
<p>Adjournment</p>
</div>

<a class="file-link-btn" href="../files/%23110-Minutes%20for%20January%2016%2C%202008.doc">Download Original</a>

</div>

<footer class="site-footer">
  <a href="../index.html">&larr; Back to Professional Career &amp; Consulting</a> &middot;
  <a href="../../index.html">Archive Home</a>
</footer>

</body>
</html>