<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8">
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
<title>2008 Minutes-2008-11-05 – Don Glendenning Archive</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../css/style.css">
<style>
.reader-content {
    background: var(--card-bg);
    border: 1px solid var(--card-border);
    border-radius: 8px;
    padding: 2rem 2.5rem;
    margin: 1.5rem 0;
    line-height: 1.8;
    font-size: 1rem;
}
.reader-content p { margin: 0.8em 0; }
.reader-content pre {
    white-space: pre-wrap;
    word-wrap: break-word;
    font-family: Georgia, 'Times New Roman', serif;
    font-size: 1rem;
    line-height: 1.8;
}
.reader-summary {
    font-style: italic;
    color: var(--muted);
    font-size: 0.92rem;
    margin-bottom: 1.5rem;
    padding-bottom: 1rem;
    border-bottom: 1px solid var(--card-border);
}
</style>
</head>
<body>

<header class="site-header">
  <h1 data-pagefind-meta="title">2008 Minutes-2008-11-05</h1>
  <div class="subtitle">Professional Career &amp; Consulting</div>
</header>

<div class="container">

<div class="breadcrumb">
  <a href="../../index.html">Home</a> <span class="sep">›</span>
  <a href="../index.html">Professional Career &amp; Consulting</a> <span class="sep">›</span>
  2008 Minutes-2008-11-05
</div>

<div class="reader-summary">Detailed November 5, 2008 Development Committee minutes chaired by Don, covering prospect information systems, professional advisor presentations (PowerPoint used successfully at BMO and Scotia MacLeod), donor database development (1,275+ donations from ~750 donors since 2002), and existing trust acquisitions: Cotton trust (50/50 chance with Minister Greenan), Carver trust, Schurman, Summerside Legion (dropped as purged), MacDonald, and Dundas trusts. Shows Don&#x27;s hands-on involvement in complex trust negotiations and strategic donor development. Discusses governance challenges around committee structure and geographic representation.</div>

<div class="reader-content" data-pagefind-body>
<span data-pagefind-filter="theme" data-pagefind-meta="theme" style="display:none">Professional Career & Consulting</span>

<p><b>COMMUNITY FOUNDATION OF PRINCE EDWARD ISLAND</b></p>
<p><b></b><br></p>
<p><b>Development Committee</b></p>
<p><b>November 5, 2008, 10:30 am</b></p>
<p><b>CFPEI Office</b></p>
<p><br></p>
<p>Welcome and opening remarks			Don</p>
<p><br></p>
<p>Information Requirements</p>
<p>About prospects</p>
<p>In support of visits/presentations</p>
<p>Following visit – notes to file and follow-up</p>
<p>PowerPoint presentations were used for Financial Advisors and were well received.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>If other presentations are desired, contact Donnie and he will prepare with assistance.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Thank You letters should follow any contacts. When presentations/contacts<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>are made, notes of the meeting should be maintained on file (attendees/contact and notes).</p>
<p><br></p>
<p>Professional advisors				Heather</p>
<p>PowerPoint presentations were used at BMO and Scotia MacLeod.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>The presentations were well received.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Thank You letters will be drafted for BMO and Scotia MacLeod (<b>Donnie, Heather and Jeniene</b>).<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>When presentations are made, notes of the meeting will be maintained on file (attendees and notes) and the spreadsheet.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Contact has been made with ABCE, MRSB and Metro.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span><b>Donnie</b> to obtain a date for Metro Credit Union presentation.</p>
<p><br></p>
<p>POI						Norman</p>
<p>John and Don have met with Jeniene and identified their list of POI.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Information will be linked with the individual(s) on the electronic spreadsheet.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Others are urged to share their information with Jeniene so the spreadsheet can be updated.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Committee suggested that Norman write a note to each director asking for names of individuals to be approached.</p>
<p><br></p>
<p>Donor Liaison					Jeniene</p>
<p>This information is in progress.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Approximately 1275 donations have been received since 2002 and is made up of approximately 725-750 donors.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Once this information has been confirmed it will be available to be incorporated into a Database.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Donnie expressed that a database is too complex for him thus if a database is desired, an individual should be sought by the Foundation to develop.</p>
<p><br></p>
<p>6		Existing trusts					David</p>
<p>Cotton – Don &amp; Norman met with Minister Greenan.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Feeling was that 50/50 chance of positive results.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Minister appeared attentive when issues such as compliance with wishes of<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Mr. Cotton and a<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>lack of recognition of donor does little to entice others to follow his lead,<span class="Apple-converted-space"> </span></p>
<p>Carver – Don has a meeting set with John Morrison to discuss options.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Norman drafted agreements that will be presented so progress can be made.</p>
<p>Schurman – To be discussed at the above meeting.</p>
<p>Summerside Legion – John had a discussion with a trustee who indicated that the monies have been invested at a “favourable rate” for a period of 5 year.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Suggested to be dropped from the agenda<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>- to be identified as a Purged Organization (information will be retained for future use).</p>
<p>MacDonald – Don talked with Doug MacDougall, problem with getting a quorum to conduct business.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>John knows the lawyer for the Trust.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Some discussions may take place in an attempt to move forward.</p>
<p>Dundas – David met with Claude at an official function.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Seems that the lawyer has not made their situation a priority.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Claude Matheson indicated that he still remains interested.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>The incorporation seems to be the holdup for CRA registration and placement with CFPEI.</p>
<p>Other: Donnie presented a draft of a letter that could be sent to the cemeteries that have been provided to David.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>David to review the letter and once confirmed will be sent out to the cemetery contacts.</p>
<p>					</p>
<p>Liaison with other Charitable organizations	Tom</p>
<p>Tom has made initial contact but a process has not been firmed up yet – taking it once step at a time.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>He will meet with the Executive Director and/or President and then go from there to the board if desired by the organization.</p>
<p><br></p>
<p>General Topics					</p>
<p>Community Needs				John</p>
<p>This item should be placed on a Board Agenda for their discussion.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Donnie to send an email with a list of issues that the Foundation may wish to consider in determining priorities affecting our communities</p>
<p><br></p>
<p>Sub-committee membership</p>
<p>The need for sub committees is not clear – needs further discussion in light of<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>terms for Directors so that the Foundation can have some continuity. Community members of committees may consider moving up to the Board.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Donnie raised the point that the Chair of a committee needs to be a Director.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>The Board has 12 volunteers of which 5 are on the executive committee.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Out of the remaining 5 directors – location can be problematic for someone living in the Western or Eastern end of the Island.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Currently we have 3 directors living in Kings and Prince County.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Representation from these areas is likely a major consideration.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Due to location, these directors may well not be available to chair thus we are down to three people to chair committees who are not on the Executive.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Maybe the policy that the chair must be a Director should be looked at and maybe changed to each committee shall have a director on it.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Maybe even, assign an executive member as the executive liaison on committees.<span class="Apple-converted-space">  </span>Matter to be referred to the Nominating Committee.</p>
<p><br></p>
<p>Next meeting on January 7 at 10:30 immediately following Executive meeting</p>
<p><br></p>
</div>

<a class="file-link-btn" href="../files/2008%20Minutes-2008-11-05.doc">Download Original</a>

</div>

<footer class="site-footer">
  <a href="../index.html">&larr; Back to Professional Career &amp; Consulting</a> &middot;
  <a href="../../index.html">Archive Home</a>
</footer>

</body>
</html>