{\rtf\ansi\deff9{\fonttbl{\f20\fnil\fcharset0\fprq5 s;}{\f20\fnil\fcharset0\fprq5 s;}{\f20\fnil\fcharset0\fprq5 s;}{\f20\fnil\fcharset0\fprq5 s;}{\f20\fnil\fcharset0\fprq5 s;}{\f20\fnil\fcharset0\fprq5 s;}{\f20\fnil\fcharset0\fprq5 s;}{\f20\fnil\fcharset0\fprq5 s;}{\f20\fnil\fcharset0\fprq5 s;}{\f20\fnil\fcharset0\fprq5 s;}{\f5\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Times New Roman;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Times New Roman;}{\f6\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Times New Roman;}{\f7\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Times New Roman;}{\f8\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Times New Roman;}{\f8\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Times New Roman;}{\f9\fnil\fcharset0\fprq0 Times New Roman;}}\deftab360\par \pard \f9\fs28\qc\tx360{\i\b Descendants of MacNaughton Family}
\par 
\par 
\par \pard \f7\fs20\qc\tx360{\i\b Generation No. 1}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 1.}\ftwancgen1 \ftwancchild1   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 1} \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 

\par 
\par The first in line is John MacNauchtan, thought to have been born at Dunderave Castle, Scotland and died (before 1750) at Glenlyon, Perthshire, Scotland.  His son, Malcolm was also thought to have been born at Dunderave Castle and died at Glenlyon, Perthshire, Scotland. Following the publication of this information in Family Chronicle No. 28, however, I received the following Email from  Thomas Holme:
\par 
\par  "There were no McNaughtons living in Dunderave castle after around 1720. Your website states that Malcolm's son John was born in Dunderave castle July 24, 1774. But the MacNaughtons lost the castle and all their lands in the first decade of the 1700s. By 1711 they final paperwork was finished and Dunderave no longer belonged to them. Dunderave belonged to the family of Campbel of Ardkinglas that lived across Loch Fyne from the MacNauchtans. We are sure that a few members of the MacNauchtan family continued to dwell in the castle for perhaps another ten years in hope that some way would develop to return the lands and castle to the MacNauchtans. But that did not happen. Famous historians living in that time write that the castle was abandoned and none of the MacNauchtan family lived there afterwards. So you see, he couldn't have been born in Dunderave in 1774".
\par 
\par Malcolm's son, John, was  born July 24, 1774; he married Catherine Stewart and they had eight children.  John died in Scotland.  
\par 
\par Alexander\tab (1789-1819) married Janet Jack\tab \tab (1782-1872)
\par Christina\tab \tab (1785-1865) married Robert Weeds\tab \tab (1788-1872)
\par Duncan\tab \tab (1787-1824) married Margaret MacPherson\tab (
\par William\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab (\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab 
\par Donald\tab \tab (1795-1820) married Margaret MacBeath\tab (        -1857)
\par Mary\tab \tab (1799-1829) married John Cameron\tab \tab (1795-1879)
\par Malcolm\tab \tab (1797-1865) married Barbara MacBeath\tab \tab (1806-1875)
\par John\tab \tab (1801-\tab         )\tab married Marjorie Cameron\tab (1807-1878)
\par 
\par Notes from Donald Edge, whose mother was a MacNaughton and a direct descendant of the early MacNaughtons, reveal that, according to the 1851 census, Christina MacNaughton came to New Brunswick in 1812; she was joined by three brothers, Alexander, Donald and Malcolm in October, 1817 and Mary in November of the same year.  In 1819, the family was joined by their mother, Catherine and two other brothers, Duncan and John.  They were granted land on the north side of the Black River, Alexander being granted 296 acres and John, Donald and Malcolm 200 acres each.  Duncan was killed by a falling tree in 1824 and was the second person buried in the Black River Cemetery 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen2 \ftwlnkchild2 2.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 2} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. Glen Lyon, Perthshire, Scotland; d. Glen Lyon, Perthshire, Scotland.\par }
\par 
\par 
\pard \f7\fs20\qc\tx360{\i\b Generation No. 2}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 2.}\ftwancgen2 \ftwancchild2   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 2} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born in Glen Lyon, Perthshire, Scotland, and died in Glen Lyon, Perthshire, Scotland.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen3 \ftwlnkchild3 3.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 3} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 24, 1774, Glen Lyon, Perthshire, Scotland; d. Glen Lyon, Perthshire, Scotland.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2222\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 HOMAS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. Bef. 1750, Scotland.\par }
\par 
\par 
\pard \f7\fs20\qc\tx360{\i\b Generation No. 3}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 3.}\ftwancgen3 \ftwancchild3   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 3} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born July 24, 1774 in Glen Lyon, Perthshire, Scotland, and died in Glen Lyon, Perthshire, Scotland.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen4 \ftwlnkchild4 4.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 4} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. Glen Lyon, Perthshire, Scotland; d. Bef. 1819, Glen Lyon Valley, Perthshire, Scotland.\par }
\par 
\par 
\pard \f7\fs20\qc\tx360{\i\b Generation No. 4}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 4.}\ftwancgen4 \ftwancchild4   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 4} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born in Glen Lyon, Perthshire, Scotland, and died Bef. 1819 in Glen Lyon Valley, Perthshire, Scotland.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2163\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  December 26, 1780 in Ballinloan, Scotland, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2219\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4352}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born July 30, 1756 in Scotland, and died July 10, 1830 in Upper Black River, NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Did not come to Canada; buried in Scotland; Donald Edge shows his death before 1819.}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2163\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Catherine is believed to have followed her children to Canada in 1819 sometime after her husband died.}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2163\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Emigration: 1819}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2163}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2164\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 5} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1785, Scotland; d. March 1865; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2165\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEDS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , November 8, 1819; b. 1788, Scotland; d. 1872.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2164\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Emigration: 1812}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2166\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1787, Fortingal, Scotland; d. July 23, 1824; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2167\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}P{\fs16 HERSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , 1823; d. Scotland.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2166\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Came to NB in 1812; no children; granted land next to alexander Macdonald on the back road of the Little Branch River; killed by a falling tree on his property; second person buried at Gunn's Point.}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2166\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Emigration: 1819}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen5 \ftwlnkchild5 5.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1789, Perthshire, Scotland; d. April 28, 1849.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2168\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2168\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Did not come to Canada; died in Scotland}
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen5 \ftwlnkchild6 6.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 17, 1795, Perthshire, Scotland; d. September 7, 1876.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen5 \ftwlnkchild7 7.\ftwlnkend \tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1797, Scotland; d. October 9, 1865.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen5 \ftwlnkchild8 8.\ftwlnkend \tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1795, Glen Lyon, Perthshire, Scotland; d. June 12, 1878, Black River.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen5 \ftwlnkchild9 9.\ftwlnkend \tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2213\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1801, Scotland; d. May 9, 1831, Black River.\par }
\par 
\par 
\pard \f7\fs20\qc\tx360{\i\b Generation No. 5}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 5.}\ftwancgen5 \ftwancchild5   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 5} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwancenref1 \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born 1789 in Perthshire, Scotland, and died April 28, 1849.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo890\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ACK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  Abt. 1819.  She was born Abt. 1782, and died 1872.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
On Dec. 1, 2009, Helen Proudfoot wrote  "I've found Mary's birth in Dollar - in 1818 as you surmised - and have downloaded the Kirk records for her, Catherine and Christian.  None of the 3 give much information, except to confirm that he [Alexander McNaughton] was a coal grieve throughout the period, which I imagine would be better paid than mere labouring,  though still long hours and extremely unpleasant 
\par 
\par I also looked up the marriage records.  Not unusually they [Alexander McNaughton & Janet Jack] were married twice - once in Edinburgh and then again in Tillicoultry a few days later. Tthe Edinburgh kirk records show little about Alexander except that he was a shepherd at the time.  It is more informative about Janet.  Her father was called John Jac and was dead by 1817.  The witnesses were John Jack, a teacher in Leith and Robert Jack a quarrier in Abby (sic) Hill.  Both seem to have made their mark rather than signed.  The Tillicoultry register gives no useful information I'm afraid.
\par 
\par I did have a look to see whether I could find an obvious John Jack, with children Janet, John and Robert (assuming John and Robert were Janet's brothers rather than one or both of them an uncle - maybe not a safe assumption, but for the purposes of searching the only reasonable one I could make and still tie down any possible positive hits).
\par 
\par There seem to have been at least 5 women in the period 1760-1810 in St Cuthbert's who were married to men called John Jack.  Of course child birth was such a killer at the time that some of these women may have been married to the same John Jack.  Unfortunately none of them that I can trace had a Janet, a John and  a Robert.  Of course if the family came from outside St Cuthbert's, we'd be looking for a needle in a haystack.  In terms of deaths, the best I could come up with was a 60 year old John Jack, a shoemaker, who was buried at St Cuthbert's in 1808.  The date and age would fit well enough, but it's really only circumstantial evidence."
\par 
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Emigration: 1817}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo890\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ACK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Believed to have come to Canada in October 1817, although some think 1824;1851 Census shows her living with her daughter, Christina and Jubal and gives her age as 60.  Chatham Union Advocate of April 10, 1872 reports "Died, at the residence of her son-in-law 21 inst, Janet Jack M'Naughton relict of Alexander MacNaughton, age 90."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo890}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ACK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen6 \ftwlnkchild10 10.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 6} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. Abt. 1822; d. October 9, 1871.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen6 \ftwlnkchild11 11.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1035\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1820; d. 1855.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen6 \ftwlnkchild12 12.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1036\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. Perthshire, Scotland; d. Napan, NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen6 \ftwlnkchild13 13.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. Abt. 1823; d. October 25, 1901.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 6.}\ftwancgen5 \ftwancchild6   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 5} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born November 17, 1795 in Perthshire, Scotland, and died September 7, 1876.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2170\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  1820, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2171\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2172}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 UNN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born Abt. 1793 in Sutherlandshire, Scotland, and died November 13, 1857.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Emigration: 1817}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2170}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen6 \ftwlnkchild14 14.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2204\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 6} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 30, 1827; d. 1901.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2205\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. Abt. 1837; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4225\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 ERR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2206\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. Abt. 1827.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2208\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 17, 1825; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4226\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NGUS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}I{\fs16 NTOSH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2209\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2210\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. Abt. 1831; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4227\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 ALCONER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2211\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1799.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2212\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHANNA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 UNN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 3, 1835.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen6 \ftwlnkchild15 15.\ftwlnkend \tab ix.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 2, 1821; d. October 23, 1914.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 7.}\ftwancgen5 \ftwancchild7   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 5} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1797 in Scotland, and died October 9, 1865.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4097\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2171\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2172}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 UNN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1806, and died August 20, 1875.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: 1797\par 
Emigration: 1817}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4097\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Came to New Brunswick May, 1819}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4097\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: 1806, Kildonan Parish, Scotland\par 
Died 2: August 1875}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4097}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen6 \ftwlnkchild16 16.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 6} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1828, Black River; d. 1897.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen6 \ftwlnkchild17 17.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2363\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1822; d. April 14, 1896.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4098\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1827.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4099\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1832; d. 1897; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4229\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}C{\fs16 OLL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen6 \ftwlnkchild18 18.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4100\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1834; d. 1897.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4101\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1837; d. 1897; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4231\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4102\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1840; d. 1873.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4103\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1841; d. 1912; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4104\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen6 \ftwlnkchild19 19.\ftwlnkend \tab ix.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4105\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1845; d. 1924.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen6 \ftwlnkchild20 20.\ftwlnkend \tab x.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4106\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1846; d. 1886.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen6 \ftwlnkchild21 21.\ftwlnkend \tab xi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo598\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1849; d. 1914.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 8.}\ftwancgen5 \ftwancchild8   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 5} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1795 in Glen Lyon, Perthshire, Scotland, and died June 12, 1878 in Black River.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2174\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  September 1, 1819 in Glenelg, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2233\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5913}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ELLAR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1798 in Black River, and died March 18, 1829 in Black River.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River\par 
Emigration: 1817}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2174\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2174\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2173}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2255\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 6} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1820, Black River, NB; d. August 9, 1891, Black River.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2255\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Did not marry.}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2255\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2256\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1823, Black River; d. April 10, 1884, Black River.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2256\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Did not marry.}
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2257\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1825, Black River, NB; d. 1832, Black River.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2257\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen6 \ftwlnkchild22 22.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2258\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1827, Black River, NB; d. 1872, Black River.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen6 \ftwlnkchild23 23.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2266\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 30, 1829, Black River; d. Abt. 1904.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 9.}\ftwancgen5 \ftwancchild9   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2213\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 5} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1801 in Scotland, and died May 9, 1831 in Black River.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2214\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  December 22, 1825, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2233\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5913}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ELLAR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1807 in Black River, and died March 21, 1878 in Black River.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2213\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Emigrated to Canada in1819; Drowned in a log-rolling accident;}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2213\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Emigration: 1819}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2214\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Margery Cameron\par 
Name 3: Marjorey Cameron}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2213\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2214}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen6 \ftwlnkchild24 24.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4212\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 6} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1827, Black River; d. June 9, 1908, Glengary, Nova Scotia.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4213\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. Abt. 1829, Black River; d. April 3, 1831, Black River.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4214\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. Abt. 1831, Black River; d. January 3, 1915, Black River.\par }
\par 
\par 
\pard \f7\fs20\qc\tx360{\i\b Generation No. 6}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 10.}\ftwancgen6 \ftwancchild10   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 6} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born Abt. 1822, and died October 9, 1871.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo575\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  July 27, 1847, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo529\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo530}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 EACH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born June 14, 1819 in Syleham, Suffolk, England, and died 1895.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Thanks to Barry MacKenzie for the following: Date : November 6, 1871, County : York, Place : Fredericton, Newspaper : Colonial Farmer, "d. Black River (North. Co.) 9th ult., of consumption, Mary McNaughton WATTLING w/o William WATTLING, age 47, left husband, nine children."
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River, North'ld Co, New Brunswick}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo575\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
William came to Canada in 1830, although the 1851 census says 1836, and, according to the census of 1851, was living in Glenelg (Black River) with his wife Mary MacNaughton, and daughters, Susan and Janet; also in the household was a 24 year old step-brother, Henry Watling. thanks to Barry MacKenzie for the following:  "Date : October 11, 1895, County : Saint John Place : Saint John, Newspaper : The Daily Sun, Chatham (North. Co.) Oct. 10 - For 65 years William WATLING was a resident of Miramichi. He came to this country from England with his parents in 1830 and was 75 years of age at the time of his death. He was laid away in the Black River burial ground. Four years ago he removed from Black River to Black Brook where he resided up to the time of his death with W.S. BABKIRK." (Ed.  Babkirk was a son-in-law)
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo575\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Baptism: July 11, 1814\par 
Burial: Black River, North'ld Co, New Brunswick}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo575\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo577\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 MMA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. Black River, North'ld Co, New Brunswick; d. October 2, 1895, USA\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo591\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild25 25.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo580\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1850; d. 1919.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild26 26.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2422\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1856; d. 1947.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild27 27.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo579\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 13, 1861, Black River, NB; d. November 25, 1949, Loggieville, NB ?.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild28 28.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo582\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild29 29.\ftwlnkend \tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo583\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 YSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1871.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo585\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild30 30.\ftwlnkend \tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo586\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDIE)}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild31 31.\ftwlnkend \tab ix.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2954\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 22, 1848.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild32 32.\ftwlnkend \tab x.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 24, 1863; d. 1932.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 11.}\ftwancgen6 \ftwancchild11   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1035\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 6} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born 1820, and died 1855.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1037\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He was born 1814, and died 1896.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1037\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Donald Edge says that John and Catherine had six children..  }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1037\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1035}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4216\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1840.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild33 33.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3551\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1842; d. 1879.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4217\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. Abt. 1850; d. 1879.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild34 34.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2200\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1853; d. 1889.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild35 35.\ftwlnkend \tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5861\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1848; d. 1928.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 12.}\ftwancgen6 \ftwancchild12   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1036\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 6} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born in Perthshire, Scotland, and died in Napan, NB.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2135\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  August 29, 1850 in Napan, NB, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2217\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2218}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 OWERS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born Abt. 1822 in Napan, NB, and died in Napan, NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2135\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1036}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild36 36.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo778\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 31, 1854; d. June 25, 1935.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2215\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1851.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 13.}\ftwancgen6 \ftwancchild13   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 6} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born Abt. 1823\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died October 25, 1901\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo364\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  July 10, 1845 in Black River, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo529\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo530}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 EACH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born January 21, 1821 in Syleham, Suffolk, England\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died 1900 in Black River, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Some census records show born in Scotland and others born in NB;  1851 census shows birth as Oct. 10, 1822; married by Rev. Angus McMaster}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Likely Black River, NB}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo364\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
The 1851 census says that Jubal came to Canada in 1830, that he was married to Christina MacNaughton and that he and Christina, together with children Jubal, Alexander and Susan, were living with Jannet MacNaughton (Jubal' mother-in-law);  also in 1851, Jubal Watling   (F4243) petitioned for 50 acres of land on the South side of Black River adjoining south of William McBeath's meadow lot and east of a lot applied for by John Edge.  The petition is dated at Chatham on April 9, 1851 and includes his signature.  The property was vacant, surveyed but without improvements.  Other handwritten notes on the page are confusing in that they show apparent approval on May 21/1851 and Auction, August/51".  They are signed by Peters, the Deputy Surveyor.  No lot number is given but records show that a William MacBeath owned property in the area.  
\par    }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo364\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Baptism: August 17, 1823, Syleham, Suffolk, England\par 
Occupation: Farmer}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo364\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild37 37.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo365\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}K{\fs16 ATE)}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , d. March 1931.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild38 38.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 5, 1846, The Meadows,; d. February 16, 1915, Black River.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild39 39.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 27, 1848, Black River, New Brunswick; d. June 6, 1917.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild40 40.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo362\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. Abt. 1850; d. 1961.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild41 41.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 16, 1853; d. April 22, 1922.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild42 42.\ftwlnkend \tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo361\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1858; d. July 12, 1924.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild43 43.\ftwlnkend \tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5607\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 10, 1856, Black River; d. March 2, 1945.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 14.}\ftwancgen6 \ftwancchild14   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2204\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 6} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born January 30, 1827, and died 1901.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2266\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  May 11, 1865, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2174\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2173}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born November 30, 1829 in Black River, and died Abt. 1904.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2266\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Kathryn Cameron\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2204\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2266}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild44 44.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1087\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 4, 1864, Black River; d. December 8, 1910.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1089\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 3, 1866, Black River, NB; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2267\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 UGH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , September 9, 1903; b. Abt. 1865, Pictou County, NS.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild45 45.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1090\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 13, 1868, Black River, NB; d. February 16, 1943.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild46 46.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2270\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 14, 1869, Little Branch, Black River, NB; d. September 23, 1963.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2272\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. Abt. 1871, Black River, NB; d. April 15, 1961; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2273\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}N{\fs16 AIRN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1871; d. 1950.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild47 47.\ftwlnkend \tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2274\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 15, 1874, Black River, NB; d. 1935.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 15.}\ftwancgen6 \ftwancchild15   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 6} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born December 2, 1821, and died October 23, 1914.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2352\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 DAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 .}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  December 14, 1843, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2937\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2938}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 TCHESON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born April 16, 1816, and died September 10, 1909.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Catherine 1 MacNaughton}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2352\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 DAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild48 48.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2949\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 TCHESON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 23, 1844, Black River; d. February 27, 1931.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild49 49.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2951\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 8, 1846; d. August 11, 1926.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild50 50.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2953\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 23, 1848; d. March 7, 1909.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild51 51.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2955\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 C}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 14, 1851; d. July 25, 1926.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2957\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 6, 1853; d. February 28, 1928.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2957\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
did not marry}
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild52 52.\ftwlnkend \tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2958\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 16, 1859; d. December 8, 1903.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild53 53.\ftwlnkend \tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2960\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 9, 1861; d. November 8, 1936.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2962\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 26, 1855; d. February 23, 1909.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2962\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Did not marry}
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ix.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2963\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 2, 1857; d. February 1943.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2963\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Did not marry.}
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab x.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2964\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 23, 1864; d. January 12, 1951; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2965\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16  }D{\fs16 OCTOR}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ACHELOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. Lowell, Mass; d. 1930.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild54 54.\ftwlnkend \tab xi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo627\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 DAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 8, 1866, Black River, New Brunswick; d. January 25, 1951, Portland, Maine.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 16.}\ftwancgen6 \ftwancchild16   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 6} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1828 in Black River, and died 1897.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2202\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  December 1863, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3556\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3557}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 INCLAIR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1844 in Tetagouche Falls, NB, and died 1922.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
1827?;}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2202\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Born 1843?}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2202}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild55 55.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3558\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HARLES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1861; d. 1945.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2366\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1864; d. 1924; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2609\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 INDLAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1882; d. 1962.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild56 56.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2365\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 INCLAIR}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1866; d. 1933.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild57 57.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2364\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 1869; d. March 28, 1943.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3559\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ONTENT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1870; d. 1872.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild58 58.\ftwlnkend \tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2203\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1872; d. 1958.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3560\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1874; d. 1936; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4114\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 UELLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 AKEFIELD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1874; d. 1948.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3561\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NGUS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 INCLAIR}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1876; d. 1954; m. (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4116\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ORRISON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; m. (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4115\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 TTA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ICKER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1880; d. 1919.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ix.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3562\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1878; d. 1943; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4117\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLENA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1892; d. 1938.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild59 59.\ftwlnkend \tab x.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3563\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 11, 1880, Black River; d. September 23, 1964, Moose Jaw, Sask..}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab xi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3564\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 2, 1883; d. 1957; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4118\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ELLIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ICHARDS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1889; d. 1945.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab xii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3565\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 IRAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1885; d. 1961; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4119\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UBY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 HRESHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1888; d. 1968.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild60 60.\ftwlnkend \tab xiii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3505\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 UNN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ACNAUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1889; d. 1964, British Columbia.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 17.}\ftwancgen6 \ftwancchild17   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2363\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 6} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1822, and died April 14, 1896.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5851\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  Abt. April 1851, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2217\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2218}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 OWERS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born August 14, 1822, and died April 5, 1896.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2363\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: 1827\par 
Died 2: April 14, 1896, Black River}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5851\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: August 24, 1822\par 
Date born 3: 1823\par 
Died 2: April 5, 1896, Black River}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5851\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2363}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild61 61.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo413\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 20, 1852; d. September 15, 1935.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild62 62.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5473\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 2, 1853; d. July 8, 1920.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild63 63.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5441\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 OWERS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1858; d. 1924.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2196\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1860; d. 1892; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5862\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , 1891; d. 1892.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5863\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 OWERS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1863; d. 1890.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5864\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1864; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5865\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ICHARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 .}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ICHARDSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1861; d. 1910.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5866\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1868; d. 1940; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5867\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ESSIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AUDE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ERRISH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1871.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5868\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1970.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 18.}\ftwancgen6 \ftwancchild18   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4100\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 6} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1834, and died 1897.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4230\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}C{\fs16 OLL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4100\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4230}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}C{\fs16 OLL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4233\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4234\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2648\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 22, 1869; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo884\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 RASER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; b. 1884; d. 1957.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2648\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: MalcolmA William MacNaughton}\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 19.}\ftwancgen6 \ftwancchild19   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4105\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 6} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1845, and died 1924.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2200\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1037\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1035}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1853, and died 1889.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4105\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Allan S. MacNaughton}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2200\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: June 17, 1853\par 
Died 2: May 27, 1889}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4105\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2200}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild64 64.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4124\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 23, 1881; d. June 1970.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild65 65.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4934\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 .}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. Black River; d. North Bend, Oregon.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2674\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1883; d. November 15, 1957; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2673\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1895; d. 1972.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2674\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Served overseas during WW1 in the 26 Bttn, CEF;  Sandie MacNaughton was known as 'Little Sandie' and yes, the story of how Kerr was buried in the dirt and Sandie dug him out was told to me. Kerr backed him in stock for his store.... I guess Sandy thought Kerr should have given him the stock! The way Kerr worked was if you helped him, he'd help you.}
}\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 20.}\ftwancgen6 \ftwancchild20   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4106\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 6} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1846, and died 1886.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3551\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  1869, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1037\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1035}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1842, and died 1879.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4106\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Catherine S MacNaughton}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3551\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4106}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild66 66.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3553\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1873; d. 1957.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 21.}\ftwancgen6 \ftwancchild21   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo598\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 6} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born 1849, and died 1914.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo580\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo575\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1850, and died 1919.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo598\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River Cemetery, North'ld co, New Brunswick}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo580\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River Cemetery, North'ld co, New Brunswick}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo598\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo580}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo599\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo600\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TANLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo601\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild67 67.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo602\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1895; d. 1942.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild68 68.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo603\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REEMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1890; d. October 20, 1957.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 22.}\ftwancgen6 \ftwancchild22   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2258\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 6} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1827 in Black River, NB, and died 1872 in Black River.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2259\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SABELLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  December 12, 1860, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo725\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo720}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1840, and died April 18, 1877.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2259\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SABELLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: January 1, 1840}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2258\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2259}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SABELLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2260\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1861; d. 1911; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OSEPH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 UTHER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2261\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AISSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1865; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4224\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REDERICK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast Z{\fs16 IMMERMAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2262\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ARRIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1869.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen7 \ftwlnkchild69 69.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5373\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 8, 1870; d. May 10, 1946.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 23.}\ftwancgen6 \ftwancchild23   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2266\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 6} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born November 30, 1829 in Black River, and died Abt. 1904.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2204\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  May 11, 1865, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2170}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born January 30, 1827, and died 1901.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2266\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Kathryn Cameron\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (14) John MacNaughton.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 24.}\ftwancgen6 \ftwancchild24   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4212\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 6} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2213\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1827 in Black River, and died June 9, 1908 in Glengary, Nova Scotia.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4215\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ENRY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBINSON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 OBERTSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  1846.  He was born 1819 in Glengarry, Pictou co., NS, and died January 4, 1889 in Glengary, Nova Scotia.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4215\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4212}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ENRY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 OBERTSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4663\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 OBINSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1847, Black River.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4664\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 OBINSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1849, Black River; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5602\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4665\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGERY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 OBINSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1851, Black River; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5603\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 HOMPSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. Glengary, Nova Scotia.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4666\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 OBINSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1859, Nova Scotia; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5604\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4667\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 OBINSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1869, Glengary, Nova Scotia; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5605\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HARLWA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMPBELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4668\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 OBINSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1868, Glengary, Nova Scotia; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5606\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AGGIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par 
\pard \f7\fs20\qc\tx360{\i\b Generation No. 7}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 25.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild25   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo580\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born 1850, and died 1919.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo598\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4097}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1849, and died 1914.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo580\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River Cemetery, North'ld co, New Brunswick}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo598\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River Cemetery, North'ld co, New Brunswick}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (21) James MacNaughton.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 26.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild26   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2422\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1856, and died 1947.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2423\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1848, and died 1929.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2423\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: John Dickson\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2423\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2422}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2424\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ELVIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 AVELOCK}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1878; d. 1951; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2435\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ASON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1897; d. 1937.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2425\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1880; d. 1900; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2434\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ARRY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2426\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 LENNY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 ENNETT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1881; d. 1962.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2427\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1882.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2428\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ORACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1883.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2429\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1885.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2430\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1887; d. 1965.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2431\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1891; d. 1965; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2433\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 AXTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ix.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2432\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ANIEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1896; d. 1950.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 27.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild27   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo579\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born January 13, 1861 in Black River, NB, and died November 25, 1949 in Loggieville, NB ?.  She married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo593\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HARLES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  December 29, 1882, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo861\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo862}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born in Point Aux Carr, NB, and died Abt. 1885 in Marinette, Wis. USA.  She married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo595\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OSEPH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ESLEY }S{\fs16 PURGEON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ABKIRK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  October 11, 1887, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1180\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2091}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EWIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ABKIRK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 TRATTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born December 13, 1861, and died August 25, 1936 in Loggieville, NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo579\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Pine GroveCemetery}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo593\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HARLES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Died of typhoid fever.}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo595\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OSEPH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ESLEY }S{\fs16 PURGEON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ABKIRK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Pine GroveCemetery, Loggieville, NB}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo593\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo579}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HARLES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo594\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 VELYN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ELVINA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. February 19, 1883, Marinette, Wis. USA; d. December 17, 1962, Loggieville, NB; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1575\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ISHART}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 IERLIHY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , October 24, 1912; b. November 2, 1881, Tabusintac, NB; d. August 13, 1958, Loggieville, NB.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo594\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 VELYN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ELVINA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Pine GroveCemetery, Loggieville, NB}\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1575\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ISHART}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 IERLIHY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Pine GroveCemetery, Loggieville, NB}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo595\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo579}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OSEPH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ABKIRK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo596\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LVIN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ABKIRK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild70 70.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo597\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 LDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ABKIRK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 28.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild28   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo582\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo610\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo610\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo582}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo611\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 29.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild29   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo583\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 YSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born 1871.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo612\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NGUS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3395\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4156}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1864.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo583\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 YSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River Cemetery, North'ld co, New Brunswick}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo612\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NGUS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River Cemetery, North'ld co, New Brunswick}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo612\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo583}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NGUS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild71 71.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo613\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ELBURN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EMUEL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 3, 1897.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo614\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 ORENZA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. January 25, 1893.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 30.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild30   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo586\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDIE)}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5929\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 OPEMAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo586\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5929}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 OPEMAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5930\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LVIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 ALVIN }A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5931\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5932\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 31.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild31   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2954\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born June 22, 1848.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2953\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2352\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 DAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born September 23, 1848, and died March 7, 1909.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2953\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2954}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo605\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. May 24, 1878.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild72 72.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo607\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 18, 1885; d. 1967.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo609\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. March 6, 1887.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo608\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo606\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. March 14, 1889.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4047\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 4, 1891.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 32.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild32   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born June 24, 1863, and died 1932.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4722\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 INNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  1891, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3395\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4156}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1869, and died June 30, 1952\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: William M Watling\par 
Date born 2: June 21, 1861\par 
Burial: Black River}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4722\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 INNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: October 16, 1877\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Burial: Black River}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4722}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 INNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild73 73.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo617\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }L{\fs16 EONE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 9, 1892; d. August 26, 1985.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild74 74.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 18, 1896; d. May 28, 1971.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 33.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild33   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3551\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1035\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1842, and died 1879.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4106\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  1869, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4097}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1846, and died 1886.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4106\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Catherine S MacNaughton}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child is listed above under (20) Catherine Stuart MacNaughton.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 34.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild34   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2200\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1035\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1853, and died 1889.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4105\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4097}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1845, and died 1924.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2200\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: June 17, 1853\par 
Died 2: May 27, 1889}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4105\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Allan S. MacNaughton}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (19) Allen Stuart MacNaughton.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 35.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild35   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5861\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1035\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1848, and died 1928.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5441\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 OWERS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  1873, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5851\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2363}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1858, and died 1924.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5861\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Died 2: May 14, 1928}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5861\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5441}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2324\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 17, 1880.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2324\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Married twice, no children.  }
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo403\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 8, 1881; d. 1904.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo403\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
No children,}
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2325\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 2, 1884.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2325\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
No children.}
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2326\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 5, 1886; d. June 12, 1936.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2326\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
No children}
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild75 75.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2327\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 HRISTENA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 7, 1889.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2329\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 3, 1894; d. July 5, 1907.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2329\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
No childfen.}
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2330\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 22, 1897; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2339\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ICHARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 OPPLE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2330\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
No children.  }
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild76 76.\ftwlnkend \tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2331\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 4, 1903; d. March 8, 1945.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 36.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild36   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo778\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1036\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born January 31, 1854\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died June 25, 1935\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo756\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo734\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo733}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born February 23, 1859\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died February 15, 1919\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo778\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Alexander Dick\par 
Date born 2: 1854}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo778\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo756}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo779\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. 1894; d. July 11, 1960; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo782\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALLACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMPBELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo780\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. 1892; d. 1908; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo783\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo781\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. January 18, 1889; d. August 18, 1962.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo992\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. August 13, 1898\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. May 9, 1981\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3156\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 37.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild37   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo365\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}K{\fs16 ATE)}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  died March 1931.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo524\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo524\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo365}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo559\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LBERT}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo561\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBINA (}N{\fs16 AN)}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , d. February 2, 1966\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo882\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , December 25, 1916\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; b. January 15, 1886; d. August 7, 1923.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo561\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBINA (}N{\fs16 AN)}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Annie MacRae\par 
Burial: (Cremated), Black River\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo562\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}T{\fs16 EENIE)}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo883\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 ALLENDER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , July 3, 1922.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild77 77.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo563\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1890; d. 1929.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo564\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo565\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SOBEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo566\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo885\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ARK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo568\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDRIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild78 78.\ftwlnkend \tab ix.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo560\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 15, 1885; d. November 18, 1960.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild79 79.\ftwlnkend \tab x.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2484\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 16, 1902; d. February 12, 1986.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 38.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild38   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born April 5, 1846 in The Meadows,\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died February 16, 1915 in Black River\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo304\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}A{\fs16 SKILL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  December 22, 1874 in Little Branch, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo353\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo357}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born December 6, 1848\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died September 27, 1934 in Little Branch, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Jubal Watling was granted 50 acres of land in the Meadows in 1884. In Aunt Janet Godfrey's tapes she said that her grandfather, Jubal , had a log house; she also said the her mother, Grace, did not want to move to Little Branch; 
\par 
\par As a younger man, he is believed to have worked for Senator Snowball.  The family decided in 1901 to move to Little Branch.  I suspect that they moved for a number of reasons.  Jubal's mother and father had both recently died, Grace's father had just died, her mother was not well, her brother, Jim, could not handle the farm, and the children would be much closer to school.  Aunt Tine and Aunt Elspie were married; the younger children would still be in school.
\par 
\par On November 13, 1901, James entered into an agreement with his sister, Grace and her husband, Jubal.  As parties to the agreement also were Jubal and Grace's four sons, George, John, James and Ernest.  A copy of this agreement can be found in the Northumberland County Registrar's office.  This transfer did not include the Jessie MacDonald property which Elmer Glendenning later bought.
\par 
\par All the land and buildings were turned over to the Watlings.  In return, the Watlings agreed to  "keep support, maintain and provide the said James J. McDonald and his mother, Mrs. John D. McDonald, each of them and the survivor of them during the respective terms of their natural lives with good and sufficient house, room, meat, drink, washing, clothing, bedding, fire, light, medicine, medical attendance, personal expenses and all such necessaries as persons of their ages and conditions in life usually require and are accustomed to."  The Watlings were also to provide a "decent Christian burial" paying all funeral expenses.
\par 
\par Post Office records show Jubal Watling as the Postmaster at Little Branch from December 1, 1903 to December 2, 1910.  Aunt Tine's name is not shown as Postmistress, although I believe that she kept the post office.  If this is true, it is likely that she ran the Post Office for her father between 1902, when Tom Adams died and 1907, when she married John Mackenzie.  
\par 
\par The Chatham Gazette of February 22, 1915 reported the following:
\par 
\par "The funeral of the late Jubal Watling was held on Thursday afternoon from his late residence, service started at 2:00 o'clock and being conducted by Rev. George Grant of Black River.  The choir of St. Stephen's Church, Black River, was present and rendered appropriate hymns.  Interment was in St. Stephens burying ground and the pallbearers were Messr. Alex Watling, William Watling, Donald Watling and Malcolm Watling, brothers of the deceased and John MacRae and Matthew Dickson, brothers-in-law.  The attendance at the service was very Large, those paying last tribute of respect to the deceased coming from miles around and testifying to their feeling of regret at the demise of a fine and widely respected citizen." 
\par 
\par Mildred MacKay remembered visiting her grandfather's home at the Meadows.
\par 
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo304\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}A{\fs16 SKILL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Married by Rev. Samuel Russell at bride's home, Little Branch.
\par 
\par The Tri- Weekly (Chatham, NB) included the following item for September 28, 1934.
\par 
\par \tab "Many friends in Little Branch and vicinity heard with regret of the death of Mrs. Jubal Watling, which occurred at her home yesterday afternoon.
\par \tab The late Mrs Watling was aged 86 years and before her marriage was Miss Grace MacDonald of Black River.
\par \tab The funeral will be held on Saturday afternoon Service will commence at 2:30 o'clock and will be conducted by Rev. A. R. Gibson of Chatham.
\par 
\par \tab Surviving are four daughters and four sons, Mrs. J. R MacKenzie, Loggieville; Mrs. J. W. MacNaughton, Mrs. J. R. Godfrey, Mrs. Elmer Glendenning, \tab \tab Black River; George and John, New Hampshire, James A. with whom she resided; Ernest Watling, Loggieville."
\par 
\par In my obsession is the following undated clipping:
\par 
\par 
\par \tab "MRS. JUBAL WATLING
\par 
\par \tab The funeral of the late Mrs. Jubal Watling took place from her late residence Saturday afternoon and was largely attended.  The service was \tab \tab conducted by Rev. A. R. Gibson of Chatham assisted by Rev. J. I. Morrison, of Black River, and the Rev. J. E. Forbes of Loggieville.  Mrs. F. A. Fowlie \tab \tab rendered a solo Go Bury Thy sorrow.'  The eighth chapter of Romans was read as Mrs. Watling had requested.  The Lord's My Shepherd' and Safe \tab \tab in the Arms of Jesus,' favourite hymns of the deceased were sung.
\par 
\par \tab The floral offerings were many and beautiful.
\par 
\par \tab The pallbearers were Norman MacKenzie, Walter Glendenning, Gordon MacNaughton, Alex Newton (grandson), Jubal Dickson 
\par \tab and James Jardine.
\par 
\par \tab Interment was made in St. Stephen's cemetery.
\par 
\par \tab Mrs. Watling was a lifelong Presbyterian, a sincere Christian, woman whose kingdom was her home and her children rise up to call her blessed.  Her \tab \tab gentle kindly ways endeared her to all who knew her and she will be greatly missed in the community."
\par 
\par I am told that she travelled to Niagara Falls in 1924 by automobile; believed to have died from dysentery (the summer complain)".}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo304\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}A{\fs16 SKILL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River Cemetery, North'ld co, New Brunswick\par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo304}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild80 80.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo376\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 3, 1876, Upper Black River, New Brunswick, Canada; d. September 22, 1956.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild81 81.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo377\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 29, 1878, Upper Black River, New Brunswick, Canada; d. April 9, 1943.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild82 82.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo378\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 22, 1881, Upper Black River, New Brunswick, Canada; d. September 1958, Orange City,Jacksonville, Florida, USA.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild83 83.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo379\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 25, 1883, Upper Black River, New Brunswick, Canada; d. December 7, 1977, Black River Bridge, New Brunswick, Canada.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild84 84.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo380\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 23, 1886, Black River Bridge, NB; d. March 3, 1953, Swans Island, Maine.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild85 85.\ftwlnkend \tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo381\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 15, 1888, The Meadows; d. November 25, 1983, Little Branch, NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild86 86.\ftwlnkend \tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 28, 1890, Upper Black River, NB; d. March 25, 1964, Newcastle Hospital, NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild87 87.\ftwlnkend \tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3410\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 23, 1892, Upper Black River, New Brunswick, Canada; d. December 29, 1974, Loggieville.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 39.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild39   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born March 27, 1848 in Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died June 6, 1917\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo520\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 ELLY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  June 18, 1874, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo863\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo864}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 ELLY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born July 17, 1845\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died May 20, 1942 in Chatham\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
May have been born in 1848.}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Riverside Cem, Chatham, New Brunswick, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo520\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 ELLY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: May 22, 1942, Riverside Cem, Chatham\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo520}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 ELLY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo532\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}T{\fs16 EENIE)}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. November 22, 1874\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. November 13, 1943\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo532\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}T{\fs16 EENIE)}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Chatham\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo533\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. February 27, 1876; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo865\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast C{\fs16 ARRIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , November 2, 1908\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; b. November 3, 1879; d. April 11, 1966.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo533\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: 1964, South Africa\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo536\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. August 19, 1877, A twin of John; d. November 30, 1881.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo536\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
A twin of John; Perhaps Bertie and James are the same person.}
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2094\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 8, 1879; d. December 1, 1881.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo535\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16  }C{\fs16  }B{\fs16 ESSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. 1880, A twin of Peter\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. May 26, 1951\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo535\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16  }C{\fs16  }B{\fs16 ESSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
A twin of Peter}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo535\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16  }C{\fs16  }B{\fs16 ESSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Chatham\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild88 88.\ftwlnkend \tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo540\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16  }K{\fs16 ELLY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1880, A twin of Bessie; d. November 16, 1881.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild89 89.\ftwlnkend \tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo870\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 ETRIE }S{\fs16 TREET}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 2, 1882; d. May 3, 1947, Amherst, Nova Scotia.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild90 90.\ftwlnkend \tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo541\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 14, 1884.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ix.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo537\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 MILY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANE (}J{\fs16 ANIE)}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. January 20, 1886\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. December 27, 1984\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo537\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 MILY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANE (}J{\fs16 ANIE)}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Providence, Rhode Island, USA\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild91 91.\ftwlnkend \tab x.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo538\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALLACE }W{\fs16 AITS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 16, 1888; d. September 14, 1929, Chatham.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild92 92.\ftwlnkend \tab xi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo539\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 29, 1890; d. June 25, 1969.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild93 93.\ftwlnkend \tab xii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 19, 1877, Chatham, NB; d. September 13, 1952, Bathurst, NB.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 40.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild40   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo362\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born Abt. 1850, and died 1961.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo521\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ATTHEW}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He was born 1850, and died 1899.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo521\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo362}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ATTHEW}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo542\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. 1879; d. 1961; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2417\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1875; d. 1952.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo543\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. 1880; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2418\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst O{\fs16 SBURN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1879.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo544\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. 1881; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2419\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 LARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EALE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo546\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. 1887; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2420\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 RENE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 .}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 LAKELY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1897.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo547\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAMINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXIS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. 1883.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo548\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. 1885.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 41.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild41   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born January 16, 1853, and died April 22, 1922.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo413\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  September 21, 1875, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5851\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2363}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born March 20, 1852, and died September 15, 1935.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo413}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo414\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ESSIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 AURA }M{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. May 19, 1879; d. February 15, 1977; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo423\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REDERICK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , September 1, 1914; b. May 6, 1866; d. June 8, 1963.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo423\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REDERICK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: 1867}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild94 94.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo415\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 27, 1882; d. April 3, 1971.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild95 95.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo418\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 LIFFORD }W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 12, 1888; d. September 19, 1962.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild96 96.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo420\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 6, 1881; d. April 9, 1950.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild97 97.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo421\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 27, 1876; d. May 3, 1908.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo422\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. January 5, 1885; d. February 13, 1902.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild98 98.\ftwlnkend \tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo417\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 20, 1887; d. January 19, 1970, Kimberley, BC, Canada.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild99 99.\ftwlnkend \tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo416\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 MILY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILMINA }E{\fs16 DDY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 6, 1894; d. January 26, 1966, Calgary, AB, Canada.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild100 100.\ftwlnkend \tab ix.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4686\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 OWERS }D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 12, 1891; d. January 26, 1972.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 42.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild42   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo361\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born 1858\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died July 12, 1924\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo523\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AURA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born 1869\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died 1949\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo361\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
May have been born in 1859}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo361\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo523}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AURA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo555\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ERVIL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ESLEY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. July 18, 1894, Chatham\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. February 16, 1921\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo876\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OPP}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo556\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 AROLD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. March 29, 1896, Chatham\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. 1958\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo877\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ARLOTTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 .}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 RANCH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; b. 1906; d. 1976.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo558\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OSEPH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. December 25, 1897\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. July 29, 1898\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild101 101.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo554\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ARRISON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 31, 1899, Chatham; d. December 21, 1957, Chatham.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo557\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 VA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. October 4, 1902\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo878\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 AVELOCK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast I{\fs16 RVING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , August 30, 1935\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo880\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OSEPH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. May 6, 1905\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. August 17, 1905\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 43.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild43   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5607\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born October 10, 1856 in Black River, and died March 2, 1945.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1080\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  June 14, 1883 in Black River, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1077\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5601}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 UGH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born July 24, 1865 in Black River, and died October 27, 1929 in Black River.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5607\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: October 3, 1855, Black River\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Died 2: March 2, 1945, Black River\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Burial: Black River\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1080\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Elizabeth J Cameron\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Date born 2: July 24, 1865\par 
Died 2: October 7, 1929}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5607\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1080}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo545\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ENNIE) }C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. 1886; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo871\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ENJAMIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 WEEZEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; b. 1883\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. April 22, 1967\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo550\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 VERETT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ELBOURNE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. 1884.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo551\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. December 4, 1894; d. July 14, 1917, France\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo551\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Service Number 22802, Canadian Infantry, Quebec Regiment; wounded in France and died in London, England; Csm. Archibald A. Watling, #22802), son of Malcolm and Elizabeth (Cameron) Watling,  December 4, 1894-July 14, 1917, 19th Canadian Infantry (Quebec Regiment, wounded in France and died in England, buried Brookwood Cemetery about 30 miles from London, age 23.}
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo552\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16  (}M{\fs16 AME)}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. 1889; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo873\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 .}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 .}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo549\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 UBAL }M\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. February 15, 1902\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. July 17, 1974\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo872\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ERTHA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AUDE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 RMSTRONG}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , April 15, 1919, Saint John; d. 1980.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo549\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 UBAL }M\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Capitall Memorial Gardens, Nepean, Ottawa}\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo872\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ERTHA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AUDE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 RMSTRONG}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Capital Memorial Gardens, Nepean Ottawa}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2421\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild102 102.\ftwlnkend \tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4167\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }H{\fs16 UGH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1891; d. 1958.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 44.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild44   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1087\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2204\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born May 4, 1864 in Black River\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died December 8, 1910\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1088\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  November 12, 1890\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1942\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1943}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1867 in Hardwicke, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died 1899\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1087\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River Cemetery, N.b.}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1088\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River Cemetery, N.b.}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1088\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1087}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild103 103.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo462\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 9, 1890, Hardwicke, New Brunswick, Canada; d. January 14, 1965, Black River Brid, New Brunswick, Canada.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1092\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 HOEBE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }M{\fs16 ETA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. February 22, 1891\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. 1893.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1092\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 HOEBE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }M{\fs16 ETA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Deborah has 1892}
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1093\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. November 19, 1893, Hardwicke, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. April 9, 1917, France.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1093\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Service No.794113; Canadian Infantry (Quebec Regiment) 42nd. Btn; page 294 of the WW1 Book of Remembrance; Nine Elms Cemetery is 6.5 km north of Arras, France.Pte. J. Archibald Mills, #794113, son of John Alexander and Mary (MacNaughton) Mills, November 19, 1893-April 9, 1917, 42nd Battalion, Canadian Infantry (Quebec Regiment), buried in Nine Elms Military Cemetery near Vimy Ridge, France, age 24.  Archie was one of 80 Canadians killed on April 9, the first day of the Battle of Vimy Ridge.}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1093\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Nine Elms Military Cemetery, France}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo751\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HARLOTTE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1896.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1094\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM }R{\fs16 OY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. January 21, 1898\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1094\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM }R{\fs16 OY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Veteran of WW1;}
}\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 45.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild45   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1090\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2204\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born January 13, 1868 in Black River, NB, and died February 16, 1943.  He married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2268\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  November 13, 1895, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3733\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4756}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 URDOCK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born March 17, 1860 in Black River, and died April 15, 1908 in Black River, NB.  He married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3123\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AYME }C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  September 16, 1914, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4064\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3959}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born August 2, 1888, and died June 28, 1973.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1090\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: 1868\par 
Died 2: 1943}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2268\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: 1860\par 
Died 2: 1908}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3123\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AYME }C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Mary Catherine MacKay}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1090\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2268}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild104 104.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo396\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 7, 1896; d. June 6, 1944, W.W. II, France.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2276\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARIE }M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1898; d. 1980; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2277\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HARLES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ERNER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EILSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1885; d. 1943.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2277\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HARLES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ERNER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EILSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Adopted daughter, Marjorie (Midge) Falkjar Chapman, buried in Black River Cemetery June 26, 2004.  ; she was a nurse in Saint John, N.B. but moved to Moncton in retirement years..}
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2278\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1900; d. 1987.\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1090\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3123}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild105 105.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2069\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 1, 1929.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 46.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild46   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2270\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2204\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born June 14, 1869 in Little Branch, Black River, NB, and died September 23, 1963.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2271\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 UST}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  October 27, 1897, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo732\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo987}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OSEPH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 UST}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born October 21, 1862\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died October 1, 1929.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2270\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Riverside Cemetery, Chatham, NB}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2271\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 UST}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Riverside Cemetery, Chatham, NB}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2271\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2270}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1095\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 UST}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 10, 1898; d. February 21, 1957.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1095\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 UST}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Riverside Cemetery, Chatham, NB}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo745\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 21, 1900.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo745\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Riverside Cemetery, Chatham, NB}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild106 106.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3448\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ESSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 20, 1901.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild107 107.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3449\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 12, 1903, Napan; d. January 1947.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3450\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OSEPH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 14, 1905; d. 1977.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3450\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OSEPH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Riverside Cemetery, Chatham, NB}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3451\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 31, 1908.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 47.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild47   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2274\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2204\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born March 15, 1874 in Black River, NB, and died 1935.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2275\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LLEN }J{\fs16 ACKSON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4205\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4206}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1880, and died 1948.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2274\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2275}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2285\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1901; d. 1993.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild108 108.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2286\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 RENE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 1902; d. May 1988.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild109 109.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2288\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 AN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 1, 1904; d. May 19, 1989.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2290\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1906; d. 1908.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2289\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 UGH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EOD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1907; d. 1908.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2291\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EOD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1907; d. 1908.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2292\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 24, 1912; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2448\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 EINSFORD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ATEMAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1914; d. 1977.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 48.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild48   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2949\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 TCHESON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born October 23, 1844 in Black River, and died February 27, 1931.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo700\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 AMUEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  November 18, 1869, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo519\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo514}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born June 10, 1835 in NB, and died July 31, 1919 in NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2949\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 TCHESON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: 1844, NB\par 
Died 2: 1931, NB}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo700\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 AMUEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: June 10, 1835\par 
Died 2: July 30, 1919}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo700\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2949}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 AMUEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4052\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1872; d. 1937.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4054\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 17, 1848.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4055\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AGGIE }J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1879; d. 1975.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4056\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD }J{\fs16 ESSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 27, 1833.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4056\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD }J{\fs16 ESSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: September 27, 1883}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild110 110.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3283\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1870, NB; d. 1955, NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3314\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1875; d. 1922.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3314\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: October 18, 1875\par 
Died 2: October 6, 1922}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild111 111.\ftwlnkend \tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3291\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 C}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1872; d. 1937.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3315\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1878; d. 1896.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild112 112.\ftwlnkend \tab ix.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3316\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AGGIE }J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1879; d. 1975.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab x.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3317\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1883; d. 1975.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 49.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild49   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2951\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born February 8, 1846, and died August 11, 1926.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2952\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 AMSAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  1873.  She was born 1854, and died 1927.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2951\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2952}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 AMSAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo604\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1875; d. March 1913, Portland.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2670\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NGUS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 AMSAY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1877; d. November 8, 1965.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2966\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1881; d. 1923; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2967\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 INNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild113 113.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2671\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1883; d. May 29, 1952.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2968\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1885; d. October 18, 1899.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2969\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGAET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1886; d. May 1905.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild114 114.\ftwlnkend \tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo383\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 ANKINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 25, 1887; d. 1978.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2970\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ARVIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. Abt. 1891; d. Aft. 1967; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2971\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 MMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMPBELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2970\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ARVIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Veteran of WW1;}
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild115 115.\ftwlnkend \tab ix.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2682\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1895; d. November 25, 1967.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild116 116.\ftwlnkend \tab x.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3952\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 DAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 TCHESON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1880; d. 1917.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 50.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild50   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2953\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born September 23, 1848, and died March 7, 1909.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2954\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo575\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born June 22, 1848.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (31) Susan Watling.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 51.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild51   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2955\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 C}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born May 14, 1851, and died July 25, 1926.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2956\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 INLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  July 2, 1890.  He was born 1850 in Kent County.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2956\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2955}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 INLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4058\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARINDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 EGINA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 12, 1891.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4059\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 DAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 52.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild52   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2958\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born June 16, 1859, and died December 8, 1903.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2959\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NTHONY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AIRN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2959\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2958}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NTHONY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AIRN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4060\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 DAM}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AIRN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4061\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 LDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AIRN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4062\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst U{\fs16 NNAMED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AIRN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. Bef. 1903.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 53.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild53   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2960\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born February 9, 1861, and died November 8, 1936.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2961\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  September 10, 1900, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4064\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3959}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1868, and died December 28, 1967.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2960\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: James Maclean\par 
Date born 2: 1861\par 
Died 2: 1936}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2961\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Marjorie Madge MacKay\par 
Died 2: 1967}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2960\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2961}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4065\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 DAM}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4066\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4067\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3990\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 DDISON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ACLEAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1900; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3991\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 ITCHEN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; d. 1969.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3992\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ACLEAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1909; d. 1909.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3993\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ACLEAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1906; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3994\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UBY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NNA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 OHNSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1909; d. 1953.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 54.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild54   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo627\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 DAM}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born September 8, 1866 in Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died January 25, 1951 in Portland, Maine\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo222\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ILLVENA (}M{\fs16 ILLIE)}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo13\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo95}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDINNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born October 11, 1869 in Canobie\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died  in Portland\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo222\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ILLVENA (}M{\fs16 ILLIE)}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Aunt Millie was only 10 when her mother died and, according to my Mother, she was really raised by Her Uncle Walter, Dad's father.}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo222\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ILLVENA (}M{\fs16 ILLIE)}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Baptism: January 29, 1877, Canobie, Aglican}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo627\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo222}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 DAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo628\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo629\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 55.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild55   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3558\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HARLES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1861, and died 1945.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4113\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1864, and died 1936.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3558\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4113}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HARLES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4151\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 VERETT}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4152\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 VELYN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4153\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 56.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild56   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2365\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 INCLAIR}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1866, and died 1933.  She married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo684\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1861, and died 1892.  She married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo592\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1852.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo592\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2365}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo578\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 ESLIE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1884; d. 1935; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1038\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 INA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 LAKE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2145\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2152\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo682\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 57.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild57   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2364\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born September 1869, and died March 28, 1943.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo968\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1867, and died 1941.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2364\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
1875?;}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo968\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2364}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3088\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AURA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3089\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ARRISON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 UTCHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3090\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3093\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HARLES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3090\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Or is her husband Charles Graham?}
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3091\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UBY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3095\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 AM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 OCKERBIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3092\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ESSIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3094\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 MMET}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 OCKERBIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; d. November 13, 1983.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3096\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERTRUDE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3097\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3098\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 INCLAIR}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , d. November 3, 1983; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3099\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 INA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 OCKERBIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 58.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild58   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2203\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born 1872, and died 1958.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo377\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  August 30, 1899 in Black River, Rev John, Robertson\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo304}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born April 29, 1878 in Upper Black River, New Brunswick, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died April 9, 1943\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2203\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 

\par Woods surveyor, farmer, operated a sawmill.  He and his brother-in-law, Elmer Glendenning, operated a "rosser" for peeling pulpwood.
\par 
\par Mourn Death of Well Known Resident
\par 
\par Black River (Special) - The death of John W. MacNaughton in his 86th year removed from the Miramichi scene a widely known and highly respected farmer and lumberman who, during his lifetime, took an active interest in affairs of his community.
\par 
\par For many years he worked with the A. and R. Loggie Company of Loggieville.  He was a lumberman, surveyor and cruiser of timber lands.  His work carried him far afield and he won many friends.  Until recent years he conducted his own mill and lumber business in Black River.
\par 
\par An active Liberal, he was party chairman for his district for a number of years.  He was a member of the county council and represented his native parish of Glenelg for 37 years and during one period was county warden.  He was also a former member of the board of Miramichi Hospital, Newcastle.
\par 
\par An able supporter of St. Stephen's United Church, he had been an elder of the church since 1926.  In 1907 he was chairman of the building committee for the present church and until recently was manager of the cemetery improvement committee.
\par 
\par Mr. MacNaughton was a member of Miramichi Lodge No. 18 F. and A.M., True Blue LOL No. 90, Unity Lodge No 18 IOOF and the Highland Society of N. B. at Miramichi.
\par 
\par He served as captain in the 73rd Northumberland Regiment for a number of years prior to the First World War.
\par 
\par Mr. MacNaughton was one of a family of 10 sons and three daughters of the late John and Margaret Ward MacNaughton, who lived in a hewed log dwelling on the present homestead, one of the first settled in Black River.
\par 
\par His wife, Elspeth, daughter of Grace and Jubal Watling, predeceased him in 1943.
\par 
\par Surviving are eight daughters and three sons, 22 grandchildren, six great grandchildren and three brothers.
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2203\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: May 15, 1872, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Died 2: January 6, 1958, Black River, N. B.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Burial: January 9, 1958, Black River\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Occupation: Farmer, sawmill operator, woods surveyor,\par 
Religion: United Church}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo377\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
I have an newspaper clipping, dated only 1943, which reads as follows:
\par 
\par FUNERAL SERVICE HELD AT CHATHAM\tab \tab Family and friends of Mrs. John W MacNaughton were shocked when her death occurred suddenly on Friday following a brief illness.  She was  formerly Miss Elspeth J. Watling, daughter of the late Jubal and Grace Watling and was widely known throughout the community as a woman of kindly \tab character held in high regard.  Always interested in the church work of St. Stephens United Church she had a life membership in the Women's \tab Missionary Society and was an active member in many organizations.
\par 
\par She is survived by her husband, John, W. MacNaughton; three sons, John, Gardiner, Me; Gordon, Dalhousie, and Flt. Sgt. Malcolm, RCAF, Ottawa; eight daughters, Mrs Archibald MacNaughton, Black River Bridge; Mrs James Edge, Mrs Harold MacKay and Miss Luella, all of Cambridge, Mass; Mrs Clifford \tab MacNaughton, Gardiner, Me; Mrs A W Lewis, Chatham; Mrs Elliot Cail, Pine Ridge, NB; and Mrs Perley McKnight, New Jersey, NB; three sisters, Mrs. John K. MacKenzie, Loggieville; Mrs. E. A Glendenning and Mrs John R Godfrey, Black River Bridge; four brothers, James A Watling, Black River Bridge; \tab Ernest D Watling, Loggieville; John M Watling, Boston, and J. George Watling, New Hampshire.
\par The funeral was held this afternoon with service at the house conducted by Rev. Peter Jackson and at St. Stephen's Church.  Interment was in the adjacent cemetery.  Numerous floral tributes were received.}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo377\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River Cem, New Brunswick, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Religion: United Church}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2203\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo377}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild117 117.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo384\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 26, 1901, Black River; d. March 14, 1983.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo385\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 IRAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. June 4, 1902\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. November 18, 1980; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo402\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 INA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ORDELIA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ODGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , August 16, 1927\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; b. February 2, 1906; d. March 1, 2002.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild118 118.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo386\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 14, 1904; d. October 5, 1987.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild119 119.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo387\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 11, 1906; d. April 21, 1992.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo388\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 LADYS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. November 29, 1907\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. October 9, 1985; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1951\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 LIFFORD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , October 16, 1935\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; b. January 18, 1907; d. October 21, 1963.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild120 120.\ftwlnkend \tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo391\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ILDRED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 15, 1909, Black River; d. November 23, 1999, Fredericton Hospital.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild121 121.\ftwlnkend \tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo389\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UTH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 6, 1911; d. May 14, 1996.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild122 122.\ftwlnkend \tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo390\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 12, 1912, Black River; d. September 25, 1987, Black River, N. B..}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ix.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo392\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RNESTINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. December 25, 1914\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. June 17, 1985; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo410\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ERLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , September 20, 1939\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; b. March 5, 1911; d. May 23, 1982.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab x.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo394\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 UELLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 ERTRUDE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. September 4, 1916; d. August 18, 1998; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo412\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}I{\fs16 NNIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , August 5\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab xi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo393\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. June 2, 1919, Black River\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4045\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 YRTLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 INNIFED}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , September 27, 1941.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo393\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
MacNaughton, Malcolm J.  - It is with great sorrow that we announce the passing of Malcolm, peacefully at the Aurora Rest Haven Nursing Home February 17, 2005 in his 86th year. Predeceased last year by his loving wife of 63 years, Mrytle and leaving devoted sons John, Brian, Robert and his wife Linda. 
\par Cherished grandfather to James, Laura, Kevin, Derek, Dean, Ashley and Brittany and great grandfather to Hailey. 
\par Predeceased by sisters, Grace, Margaret, Gladys, Mildred, Ruth, Jean, Ernestine and Luella and brothers John and Gordon. 
\par 
\par He will be sadly missed by his many nieces and nephews across Canada and the United States as well as many dear friends.
\par 
\par Veteran of W.W. II, RCAF stationed at Uplands Base, Ottawa and at Comox, B.C.
\par A self made business man who founded and operated a successful electrical contracting business for many years and a Past President of the Electrical Contractors Association.
\par 
\par Relatives and friends will be received at the Ogden Funeral Home, 4164 Sheppard Ave East, from 2- 4 and 7-9 Tuesday February 22, 2005. Service at Victoria Park United Church, 1 Stamford Square North, Scarborough Wednesday February 23, 2005 at 11:00 AM followed by internment at Highland Memorial Gardens.
\par 
\par Donations, if desired in lieu of flowers, to Victoria Park United Church, Scarborough or St. Stephens United Church, Black River Bridge, New Brunswick would be greatly appreciated.
\par }
}\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 59.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild59   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3563\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born December 11, 1880 in Black River, and died September 23, 1964 in Moose Jaw, Sask..  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3567\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 RIEVES}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born November 27, 1885 in Ontario, and died November 10, 1957 in Moose Jaw, Sask..}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3563\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3567}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 RIEVES}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3568\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 28, 1915.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3569\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 9, 1919.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3570\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 TTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 23, 1925.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 60.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild60   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3505\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 UNN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ACNAUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1889, and died 1964 in British Columbia.  He married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3378\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16  }M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EOD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2109\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2110}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1890, and died 1941.  He married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4121\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHLEEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 UNSBERGER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She died 1949.  He married (3) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4122\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UTH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 OWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 REYER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1893.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3505\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 UNN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ACNAUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Allen Gunn MacNaughton\par 
Died 2: 1964}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3378\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16  }M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EOD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Janet MacLean}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3505\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3378}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ACNAUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild123 123.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 AIG}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ACNAUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1916.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild124 124.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5168\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ACNAUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 61.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild61   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo413\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}B{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2363\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born March 20, 1852, and died September 15, 1935.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  September 21, 1875, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo364\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born January 16, 1853, and died April 22, 1922.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (41) Donald M Watling.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 62.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild62   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5473\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2363\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born October 2, 1853, and died July 8, 1920.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4740\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ELINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle O{\fs16 LIVIA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EAVER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  August 4, 1880.  She was born January 15, 1861, and died 1959.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5473\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4740}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ELINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EAVER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5439\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1881; d. 1899.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo911\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 ICTORIA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1887, Black River; d. 1972, Athabaska, Alberta; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5433\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HARLES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ARKER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo911\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 ICTORIA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Carolyn Haggart of Walsh, Alberta wrote on May 6, 2009: Stephens sister was Victoria Dick.  She relocated to Athabasca Alberta when she was young and went by the name of Barbara Parker.  Our family new her by Tori. }
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild125 125.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3002\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ACK }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1891; d. 1962.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4725\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TEPHEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 18, 1895; d. October 1, 1918, Cambrai, France.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4725\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TEPHEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Service Number: 522059; Canadian Field Artillery; Gnr. Stephen John Dick, #522059, son of Alexander and Selina (Weaver) Dick, January 18, 1895-October 1, 1918, 1st Brigade, Canadian Field Artillery, buried in Haynecourt British Cemetery, about 6 miles northwest of Cambrai, France, age 23.
\par 
\par Carolyn Haggart, a Great niece, wrote on May 5, 2009: "his sister was an artist.  She painted an oil painting of him just before he left for overseas.  When my father passed away, that painting came into my possesion.  It now hangs in the Irvine Museum in Irvine Alberta."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4725\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TEPHEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: British Cemetery, Haynecourt, France}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4739\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1883; d. 1934.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5472\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LVAH }A{\fs16 LBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1884.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4726\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 TTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NNE }O{\fs16 LIVIA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1886; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5474\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 AGGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5471\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ESSIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1902.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 63.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild63   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5441\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 OWERS}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2363\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1858, and died 1924.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5861\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  1873, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1037\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1035}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1848, and died 1928.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5861\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Died 2: May 14, 1928}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (35) William Edge.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 64.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild64   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4124\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4105\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born July 23, 1881, and died June 1970.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2671\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2951\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2952}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 AMSAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1883, and died May 29, 1952.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4124\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: John E. MacNaughton}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4124\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2671}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild126 126.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3430\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1919; d. 1964.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild127 127.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2827\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ILDRED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 65.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild65   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4934\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 .}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4105\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born in Black River, and died in North Bend, Oregon.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5432\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5432\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4934}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5424\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 INCOLN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5426\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 66.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild66   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3553\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3551\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1035\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1873, and died 1957.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3554\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ATILDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 TYMIEST}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  September 3, 1902.  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3553\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3554}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ATILDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 TYMIEST}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3555\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ARLYLE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1907; d. 1984.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3555\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ARLYLE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Did not marry.}
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3048\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ALPH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4360\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ERNA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4361\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERTRUDE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4362\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 HYLLIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4363\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1913; d. March 6, 2007; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4364\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILSON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ELDON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 67.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild67   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo602\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo598\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born 1895, and died 1942.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2681\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 ANGILLE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1881, and died 1955.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2681\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo602}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 ANGILLE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2683\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 LISS}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 ANGILLE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1920; d. 1921.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2684\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 ANGILLE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1922; d. 1925.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2685\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HILD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 ANGILLE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1915.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2686\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HILD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 ANGILLE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1919.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 68.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild68   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo603\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REEMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo598\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born 1890, and died October 20, 1957.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2682\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2951\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2952}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 AMSAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1895, and died November 25, 1967.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2682\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Barbara E MacLean}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo603\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2682}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REEMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2411\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ERVIL}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1916; d. January 12, 1994.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2412\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1918; d. 1987; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3435\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 YBIL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1930.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3435\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 YBIL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Sybil Christine Watling}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2413\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 ARLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 29, 1929; d. April 25, 1998; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5391\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast A{\fs16 RLENE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1939.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild128 128.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2414\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARION}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2415\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 16, 1923; d. May 29, 1949; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1006\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ARRY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , July 2, 1941; b. August 1, 1920; d. 2003.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 69.}\ftwancgen7 \ftwancchild69   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5373\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 7} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2258\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born June 8, 1870, and died May 10, 1946.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5365\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LICE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 ELLY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2641\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2642}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OSEPH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 ELLY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born May 26, 1887, and died August 29, 1923.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5365\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LICE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 ELLY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Alice K Kelly\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5373\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5365}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LICE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 ELLY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild129 129.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2550\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1908; d. 1944.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild130 130.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2280\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 3, 1909; d. January 11, 1950.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2281\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OSEPH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 9, 1912; d. 1967.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen8 \ftwlnkchild131 131.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2282\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 3, 1913; d. May 28, 1998.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2283\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REDERICK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1915; d. 1995; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2460\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 THEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ESSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1914; d. 1992.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2284\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERMAIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1917; d. 1944.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2284\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERMAIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Killed in WW2; }
}\par }
\par 
\par 
\pard \f7\fs20\qc\tx360{\i\b Generation No. 8}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 70.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild70   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo597\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 LDA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ABKIRK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo579\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast P{\fs16 IERCY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1576\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo597}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 LDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ABKIRK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 IERCY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1585\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ORNA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 IERCY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 71.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild71   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo613\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ELBURN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EMUEL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo583\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 YSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born August 3, 1897.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo483\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AZZEROLE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo613\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo483}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ELBURN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AZZEROLE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild132 132.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4329\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1927; d. 2005.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4330\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 VY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo498\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4331\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4332\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ERVYN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OSS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , d. Bef. 2005.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo615\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. Infant.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 72.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild72   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo607\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2953\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born February 18, 1885, and died 1967.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo607\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Nephew, George, lived with him;}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo607\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: James George MacLean}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo607\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5390\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle N{\fs16 EPHEW }D\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 73.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild73   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo617\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }L{\fs16 EONE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born April 9, 1892, and died August 26, 1985.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1959\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 RCHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1876, and died November 14, 1952.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1959\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo617}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 RCHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild133 133.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1960\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 RCHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1910; d. June 15, 1984.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 74.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild74   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born June 18, 1896\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died May 28, 1971\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo852\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 LARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  August 28, 1918 in Presbyterian Church, Chatham, NB, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1091\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1146}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REDERICK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born December 18, 1900\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died August 20, 1976\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo852}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 LARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild134 134.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo840\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 EDRIC}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM }E{\fs16 ARL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 8, 1919; d. September 6, 1985.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild135 135.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo841\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ESLEY }E{\fs16 VERETT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 6, 1921; d. August 1, 2008, Ontario.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild136 136.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo842\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UBINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}R{\fs16 UBY) }R{\fs16 OSELLA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 16, 1922.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild137 137.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo336\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DNA }B{\fs16 ESSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 7, 1923, Point Aux Carr, NB ?.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild138 138.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo843\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }M{\fs16 ERLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 8, 1924.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild139 139.\ftwlnkend \tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo844\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ENEVA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DITH }V{\fs16 IOLA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 20, 1925.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild140 140.\ftwlnkend \tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo845\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AWRENCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 3, 1927.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild141 141.\ftwlnkend \tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo846\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ADIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }L{\fs16 EONA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 26, 1929.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild142 142.\ftwlnkend \tab ix.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo26\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 31, 1930, Point Aux Carr, NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild143 143.\ftwlnkend \tab x.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo847\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ERBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 10, 1932; d. June 5, 1965.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild144 144.\ftwlnkend \tab xi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo848\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 LARENCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ORRISON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 11, 1934.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild145 145.\ftwlnkend \tab xii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo849\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RTHUR }L{\fs16 LOYD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 3, 1936.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild146 146.\ftwlnkend \tab xiii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo850\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst O{\fs16 SBORNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ANFORD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 13, 1937.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab xiv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo851\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. June 25, 1939\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. November 22, 1953\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild147 147.\ftwlnkend \tab xv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1352\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 28, 1940.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild148 148.\ftwlnkend \tab xvi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 INFIELD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 9, 1944.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 75.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild75   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2327\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 HRISTENA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5861\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1035\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born November 7, 1889.  She married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2333\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .    She married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2335\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He died in Alberta.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2333\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2327}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild149 149.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2334\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 ARLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DGAR}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 76.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild76   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2331\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5861\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1035\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born January 4, 1903, and died March 8, 1945.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2340\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ENRY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  November 7, 1928, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3141\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3142}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 ULLIVAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born November 14, 1889, and died August 28, 1981 in Aug 27, 1981.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2340\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2331}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2341\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 INCENT}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 24, 1929; d. December 26, 2006; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3437\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 RENE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ENNETT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2343\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UBY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4335\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 UIR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2344\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4336\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBEERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 HOMPSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; m. (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4337\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 ONY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 RIDEAU}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild150 150.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1470\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 AZEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 29, 1930.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 77.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild77   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo563\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo365\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}K{\fs16 ATE)}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born 1890, and died 1929.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo884\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 RASER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born 1884, and died 1957.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo563\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo884}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 RASER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1022\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , d. Abt. January 29, 2007; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4357\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast J{\fs16 AMIESON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1023\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RASER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. 1925.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1024\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5403\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 .}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ATTERSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1924; d. 1982.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 78.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild78   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo560\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo365\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}K{\fs16 ATE)}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born April 15, 1885\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died November 18, 1960.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2077\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AURA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4988\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4424}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ENNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born November 30, 1879\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died March 27, 1970\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo560\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: November 18, 1960\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2077\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AURA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Laura Alice Mills\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo560\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2077}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AURA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1212\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. January 28, 1912\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. August 1, 1943\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1214\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DITH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1213\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN }M{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. May 25, 1913\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. 1954\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1215\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast S{\fs16 PINNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1032\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RTHUR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. May 10, 1914\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. September 27, 1930\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1033\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 STHER }M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. 1915\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1210\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 .}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; b. 1909; d. 1973.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild151 151.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1034\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ERLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDRA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 11, 1916.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 79.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild79   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2484\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo365\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}K{\fs16 ATE)}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born February 16, 1902, and died February 12, 1986.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2479\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SOBEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  February 4, 1925\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3376\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3012}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1905, and died May 2, 2000.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2484\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: John Duncan (JD) MacRae\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Date born 2: February 26, 1902\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Died 2: February 12, 1986, Black River\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2484\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2479}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SOBEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1016\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DITH}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4929\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ARRY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 VAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}Q{\fs16 UARRIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. February 14, 1929; d. July 23, 2008.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1017\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHLEEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild152 152.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1018\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 AN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 16, 1934.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild153 153.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1019\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1020\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ETTY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1021\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DNA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1025\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. August 17, 1932; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5392\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ALSH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. February 26, 1925; d. July 22, 1992.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 80.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild80   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo376\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born February 3, 1876 in Upper Black River, New Brunswick, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died September 22, 1956\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo430\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 HOMAS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  August 17, 1895, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1317\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1318}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 ERRIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born July 28, 1872 in Margate, PEI, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died September 29, 1902 in Little Branch, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo437\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  August 1907\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5595\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5596}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ACKENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1850 in Cape Breton, NS, and died April 5, 1925 in Loggieville, NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo376\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Aunt Tine was the oldest of the family.  She married Tom Adams but he died in 1902 at age 30.  Aunt Tine was then 26.  Tom Adams was thought to have died of some rare disease and was living with his in-laws, Grace and Jubal Watling, at the time.
\par 
\par Post Office records show Jubal Watling as the Postmaster at Little Branch from December 1, 1903 to December 2, 1910.  Aunt Tine's name is not shown as Postmistress, although we believe that she lived in the Jessie MacDonald home (where Norman Glendenning now lives) and kept the post office.  If this is true, it is likely that she ran the Post Office for her father between 1902, when Tom Adams died and 1907 when she married John Mackenzie.  John MacKenzie moved to the Miramichi from Cape Breton to work in the ship building industry
\par 
\par After her marriage to John MacKenzie, they moved to the W. S. Loggie home and farm just east of Loggieville.  John MacKenzie is thought to have died about 1924.  Sometime after that, Aunt Tine moved next to the church in Loggieville.  Later she sold her home and moved to Mount St. Joseph's where she was living when she died in 1956.  John MacKenzie is believed to have come to the Miramichi to work in ship building and, Edith told me, he was related to the MacKenzies who lived up the Branch at the MacKenzie Settlement.
\par 
\par Jean MacKenzie, was severely disabled with rheumatoid  arthritis for many years and lived with her mother in Loggieville.  When Aunt Tine was no longer able to look after her, Jean moved to Chippewa, Ontario with her half-brother, Willard, and later to a nursing home.
\par 
\par Hartley, the son of James Adams and Ella Watling, was adopted by Gertrude Chase but was really raised by Aunt Tine.  Hartley served in WW2 and later moved, first to England and later to Australia where he died sometime in the 1990's.
\par 
\par I have an undated press clipping which reads as follows:
\par 
\par The death of Mrs. Christina MacKenzie, wife of the late John MacKenzie, a well-known resident of Loggieville, occurred at Mount St. Joseph's Pavilion here at an early hour Friday morning.
\par 
\par The late Mrs MacKenzie was the former Christina Watling of Black River and was eighty years of age.  She was twice married, her first husband being Thomas Adams of Black River.
\par 
\par Surviving from her first marriage are two sons, James Adams and Willard Adams both of Chippewa, Ontario.
\par Surviving from her second marriage are two daughters, Mrs. F. Schickle, Mandarin, Florida and Miss Jean MacKenzie, Chippewa, Ontario.  Two \tab sisters and three brothers also survive.  They are Mrs. John R. Godfrey, Black River Bridge, and Mrs Elmer Glendenning, Black River; James A Watling, \tab Black River, George A. Watling, New Hampshire, and D. Ernest Watling, Loggieville.  
\par 
\par The funeral was held on Sunday afternoon from the home of Ernest Watling, Loggieville.  A short service at the house was followed by a public service \tab at Knox United Church.  Interment was made in the Pine Grove Cemetery.}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo376\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Pine Grove Cem, Loggieville, New Brunswick, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Religion: United Church}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo430\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 HOMAS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Another source shows DOB as July 15, 1874;}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo430\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 HOMAS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: 1902, Black River Cemetery}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo437\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Aunt Janet's tapes say the Aunt Tine and John Mackenzie lived for a while in Cape Breton but moved back and bought a place in Loggieville, (near the end of the McKnight road); Joan Mackenzie wrote: John MacKenzie used to say, " I had 3, she had 3 and we had 3'. He was referring to the children they had; Marjorie Young also thinks that they moved to Cape Breton to work, then returned to Loggieville to work in Loggie's mill;  Barry MacKenzie says "Some in our family recall that there was some connection between our MacKenzies and John K. MacKenzie, and given that our ancestors originally settled at Pictou, this could quite possibly be the case."
\par 
\par 
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo430\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo376}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild154 154.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3234\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 RENUS}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 12, 1896, Newcastle, NB; d. July 7, 1971, Niagara Falls, Ontario.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild155 155.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo433\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 ERTRUDE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 31, 1898, LDS says 1902; d. 1932.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild156 156.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo432\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 17, 1900, Loggieville, NB; d. March 24, 1964, Niagara Falls, Ontario.\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo437\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo376}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild157 157.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo434\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 9, 1908, Loggieville, NB; d. March 27, 1948, Hotel Dieu Hospital, Chatham.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo436\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. December 29, 1910, Loggieville, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. May 21, 1963, Chippewa, Ontario\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo436\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Loggieville, NB}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild158 158.\ftwlnkend \tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo435\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DITH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 ARRON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 11, 1912, Loggieville, NB; d. March 8, 2000, Jacksonville, Florida.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 81.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild81   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo377\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born April 29, 1878 in Upper Black River, New Brunswick, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died April 9, 1943\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2203\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  August 30, 1899 in Black River, Rev John, Robertson\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2202}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1872, and died 1958.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo377\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
I have an newspaper clipping, dated only 1943, which reads as follows:
\par 
\par FUNERAL SERVICE HELD AT CHATHAM\tab \tab Family and friends of Mrs. John W MacNaughton were shocked when her death occurred suddenly on Friday following a brief illness.  She was  formerly Miss Elspeth J. Watling, daughter of the late Jubal and Grace Watling and was widely known throughout the community as a woman of kindly \tab character held in high regard.  Always interested in the church work of St. Stephens United Church she had a life membership in the Women's \tab Missionary Society and was an active member in many organizations.
\par 
\par She is survived by her husband, John, W. MacNaughton; three sons, John, Gardiner, Me; Gordon, Dalhousie, and Flt. Sgt. Malcolm, RCAF, Ottawa; eight daughters, Mrs Archibald MacNaughton, Black River Bridge; Mrs James Edge, Mrs Harold MacKay and Miss Luella, all of Cambridge, Mass; Mrs Clifford \tab MacNaughton, Gardiner, Me; Mrs A W Lewis, Chatham; Mrs Elliot Cail, Pine Ridge, NB; and Mrs Perley McKnight, New Jersey, NB; three sisters, Mrs. John K. MacKenzie, Loggieville; Mrs. E. A Glendenning and Mrs John R Godfrey, Black River Bridge; four brothers, James A Watling, Black River Bridge; \tab Ernest D Watling, Loggieville; John M Watling, Boston, and J. George Watling, New Hampshire.
\par The funeral was held this afternoon with service at the house conducted by Rev. Peter Jackson and at St. Stephen's Church.  Interment was in the adjacent cemetery.  Numerous floral tributes were received.}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo377\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River Cem, New Brunswick, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Religion: United Church}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2203\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 

\par Woods surveyor, farmer, operated a sawmill.  He and his brother-in-law, Elmer Glendenning, operated a "rosser" for peeling pulpwood.
\par 
\par Mourn Death of Well Known Resident
\par 
\par Black River (Special) - The death of John W. MacNaughton in his 86th year removed from the Miramichi scene a widely known and highly respected farmer and lumberman who, during his lifetime, took an active interest in affairs of his community.
\par 
\par For many years he worked with the A. and R. Loggie Company of Loggieville.  He was a lumberman, surveyor and cruiser of timber lands.  His work carried him far afield and he won many friends.  Until recent years he conducted his own mill and lumber business in Black River.
\par 
\par An active Liberal, he was party chairman for his district for a number of years.  He was a member of the county council and represented his native parish of Glenelg for 37 years and during one period was county warden.  He was also a former member of the board of Miramichi Hospital, Newcastle.
\par 
\par An able supporter of St. Stephen's United Church, he had been an elder of the church since 1926.  In 1907 he was chairman of the building committee for the present church and until recently was manager of the cemetery improvement committee.
\par 
\par Mr. MacNaughton was a member of Miramichi Lodge No. 18 F. and A.M., True Blue LOL No. 90, Unity Lodge No 18 IOOF and the Highland Society of N. B. at Miramichi.
\par 
\par He served as captain in the 73rd Northumberland Regiment for a number of years prior to the First World War.
\par 
\par Mr. MacNaughton was one of a family of 10 sons and three daughters of the late John and Margaret Ward MacNaughton, who lived in a hewed log dwelling on the present homestead, one of the first settled in Black River.
\par 
\par His wife, Elspeth, daughter of Grace and Jubal Watling, predeceased him in 1943.
\par 
\par Surviving are eight daughters and three sons, 22 grandchildren, six great grandchildren and three brothers.
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2203\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: May 15, 1872, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Died 2: January 6, 1958, Black River, N. B.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Burial: January 9, 1958, Black River\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Occupation: Farmer, sawmill operator, woods surveyor,\par 
Religion: United Church}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (58) John Archibald Ward MacNaughton.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 82.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild82   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo378\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born May 22, 1881 in Upper Black River, New Brunswick, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died September 1958 in Orange City,Jacksonville, Florida, USA\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo443\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 MMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 EATRICE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ONAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  June 21, 1905 in Woodstock, New Brunswick, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo887\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo888}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ONAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast O{\fs16 LDFIELD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born May 14, 1876 in Redbank, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died 1950 in Newport, New Hampshire, USA\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo378\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
In 1908 was working in Portland; believe that he worked for Elmer Glendenning while in Portland and likely in the New Hampshire woods; Edith MacKenzie thought that Uncle George also worked in the South with Elmer Glendenning; in later life he worked in maintenance at Dartmouth College (?), in New Hampshire.
\par 
\par His son, Elbridge, told me that Uncle George worked in construction work in Augusta, Georgia and during WW1, worked at Langley Field (that would likely be when Dad was there).  Although he was making good money, he left Virginia by boat for New York and then by train to New Brunswick.  (Apparently, they removed his trunk from the train at the NB border)  He stayed for 13 weeks with his brother, Jim.  Uncle Jim gave him a horse so he could visit around with his relatives.  Papers provided by Tina Newton state that he returned to Canada in 1919 for four months.
\par 
\par He worked for a couple of years on a dam on the Connecticut river at 15 Mile Falls on the Vermont/New Hampshire border (Wilder Dam? near Hanover, NH).  The face of the dam was 103 feet high, one of the highest ever at the time.  As I recall, Elbridge went to school there.
\par 
\par Granddaughter, Christina. says he was married in USA, probably in Hampton, Va.  because his wife's family had moved there from Redbank, NB.  She also said that he was working on the Tennessee Valley Dam Project at the time his son, Elbridge, was born.  Technically, the Tennessee Valley Authority was not formed until much later, however, the dams on the Ocoee River (where Dad worked) became part of the TVA.  The Ocoee River originates in or near Georgia.  It is likely that  possible, for example, that Aunt Emma went to Augusta when her son was born and Mum came to New Brunswick.  Uncle George also worked at Langley Field in Virginia.
\par 
\par Uncle George did not return to Black River for 31 years, and then came every year, sometimes with his grand children.  Later he moved to a lodge operated by the Order of the Moose near Jacksonville, Florida, and died there of pneumonia.
\par 
\par When his sister Jane went to Portland in 1908, I believe she stayed for a while with her brother George.  I recall her telling that she arrived early in the morning and Uncle George was \tab supposed to meet her.  He did not show.  Later she learned that he had come to the station but did not recognize her.  She had grown since he had left Black River.  
\par 
\par His granddaughter, Tina Watling Newton sent copies of papers including:
\par 
\par \tab An Application for a Certificate of Arrival: dated April 16, 1931 at 13 Cheney Street, Newport, New Hampshire, stating that he had entered the United States at Vanceboro, Mine in September, \tab 1903; he had \tab bought his ticket at Chatham, travelled to Saint John, the immigration officer came aboard at Saint John and processed passengers; He was heading for Bangor, \tab \tab Maine and was joining \tab "no one' in the USA.  His application gave his occupation as labour foremen and construction work.  Alfred H. MacLean,of Little Branch was travelling with \tab him.
\par \tab Another paper shows him being discharged from the National Guard of the State of Maine in May 1908.  It was an honorable discharge and his CO said that he would be glad to have him back.  He had only enlisted on March 21, 1908 but apparently had moved out of state.
\par \tab 
\par I have an undated newspaper clipping which reads as follows:
\par GEORGE WATLING
\par Word has been received here of the death of George Watling in Moosehaven, Florida.  Mr. Watling was born in Black River 77 years ago, a son of th late Mr. and Mrs. Jubal Watling.  His wife predeceased him a number of years ago.
\par Surviving are one son, George E. Newport New Hampshire, two brothers, Ernest, Loggieville, James, Black River Bridge; two sisters, Mrs. John r. Godfrey and Mrs E. A. Glendenning, both of Black River.
\par Interment was in Florida.
\par 
\par \tab \tab }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo378\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Baptism: October 12, 1881\par 
Burial: Jacksonville, Florida, USA\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Occupation: Woods worker, construction worker, college maintenance worker}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo443\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 MMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 EATRICE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ONAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Buried with brother, Mike Ronan and family.  Papers in Tina Newton's possession gives her birth date as May 14, 1880 at Houlton, Maine.}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo443\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 MMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 EATRICE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ONAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: St. Johnsbury, Vermont, USA\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo378\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo443}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 MMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ONAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild159 159.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo444\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LBRIDGE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 24, 1913, Augusta, Georgia, USA; d. December 13, 2006.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 83.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild83   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo379\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born July 25, 1883 in Upper Black River, New Brunswick, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died December 7, 1977 in Black River Bridge, New Brunswick, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo446\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERTSON }L{\fs16 ESLIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  February 1, 1913 in Manse, St. Stephens, Black River\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3174\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3175}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ICHARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LSIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMPBELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born May 15, 1884 in Black River\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died July 5, 1963 in Black River Bridge, New Brunswick, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo379\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Visited her sister, Jane, in Parksville, Tennessee when Grace was born.  Ken thinks that Dad sent her a ticket.  She worked for a while in a watch factory in Waltham, Mass.
\par 
\par The Miramichi Press of December 21, 1977 carried the following:
\par  
\par FUNERAL IN BLACK RIVER BRIDGE
\par  
\par The funeral service for Mrs. Janet M. Godfrey, widow of John R. Godfrey of Black River Bridge, was conducted at her home Dec. 10 at 2 p.m.
\par  
\par Rev. J. Posno conducted the service.  The organist, Mrs. Cameron Russell, played two hymns, "The Lord is My Shepherd" and "Safe in the Arms of Jesus."  "Amazing Grace" was sung by a quartet.
\par  
\par The honourary pallbearers were Rankine MacLean, George Adams, Sr., J.D. MacRae, Elliott Cail, John A. Godfrey and Kenneth Cameron.
\par  
\par Active pallbearers were Alexander Newton, Donald Newton, Norman Newton, Winfield Murdock, Austin Godfrey and Neil Watling.
\par  
\par The body was placed in the Black River Bridge Memorial Vault to await interment in the spring.
\par  
\par Born at Black River Bridge, she was the daughter of the late Jubal and Grace M. (MacDonald) Watling.  She was a member of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church, Black River Bridge, a life member of John Robertson WMS, a former member of the Presbyterian Women's League, a former member of the Women's Institute, and she took a very active part in all church affairs.  
\par 
\par She was one of the Founders of the Victoria Knitting Club,  Surviving are one daughter, Mrs. Grace Williston, Black River Bridge; one son, Alexander Newton, Black River Bridge; one brother, James A. Watling, Black River Bridge; six grand children and two great grandchildren.
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo379\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River Cem\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo446\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERTSON }L{\fs16 ESLIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Bought property from a Campbell;
\par The Moncton Times of July 6, 1963 reported
\par "The death of John Robertson Leslie Godfrey, of Black River Bridge, occurred at his home Friday morning following a lengthy illness.
\par Mr. Godfrey was 79 years of age and was the son of the late Richard and Alice (Campbell) Godfrey.  He was a  farmer by trade and was a member of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church, Black River and a trustee of the school board.
\par He is survived by his wife, the former Janet Watling; one daughter, Mrs Sterling Williston and one foster son, Alex Newton, both of Black River; one sister, Mrs. John Fowlie, Little Branch.
\par The funeral will held from his home on Sunday with service at 1:30 pm.
\par Interment will be in the St. Stephen Cemwtery, Black River."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo446\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERTSON }L{\fs16 ESLIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Occupation: Farmer and fisherman.\par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo446\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo379}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild160 160.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo448\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }A{\fs16 DOPTED}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 7, 1914; d. 1988.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild161 161.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo447\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 22, 1913; d. December 26, 1989.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo889\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 INA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. May 25, 1915\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. June 21, 1915.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo889\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 INA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: June 21, 1915\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 84.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild84   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo380\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born April 23, 1886 in Black River Bridge, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died March 3, 1953 in Swans Island, Maine\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo461\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DITH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ARRON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born 1890, and died May 2, 1915 in Portland Maine.  He married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo569\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RDINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RABELLA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 ENT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born May 1, 1890 in Swans Island, Maine, and died May 3, 1979 in Rockport, Maine.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo380\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Aunt Janet said that John lived in Portlandand moved to Boston during the depression, Elbridge thinks that he also worked at a garage or in a shop; may have sold real estate.  Grace often visited Uncle Jack; Mildred MacKay said that he often invited young people from Black River to his place.  Grace also visited him at Eastport, near Portland.  He lived one winter with his brother, Jim at Little Branch.  Grandchildren and friends rememer him as kind, loving, a classy dresser and with impeccable taste; Granddaughter Jaqueline said that Jack had a car dealership in Portland before his fortunes fell. 
\par 
\par Email from Gwen May, Swans Island, on October 17, 2008 provides the following information:
\par 1930 United States Federal Census 
\par Name: John Watling
\par Home in 1930: Cambridge, Middlesex, Massachusetts 
\par Age: 44 
\par Estimated Birth Year: abt 1886 
\par Birthplace: Canada 
\par Relation to Head of House: Head 
\par Spouse's Name: Erdine 
\par Race: White 
\par Household Members: Name Age 
\par John Watling 44 
\par Erdine Watling 40 
\par Earnest Watling 13 
\par 
\par 
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo380\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Grindle Hill Cemetery, Swans Island, Maine}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo461\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DITH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ARRON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Died of consumption; Although name appears on stone in Black River Cemetery, family lore suggests that she is actually buried in Portland, Maine}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo569\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RDINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RABELLA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 ENT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Died after a long illness; Gwen May, of Swans Island wrote on October 14, 2008 "I remember Erdine well.  She was a fun, happy person.  I think she is in some of the pictures on the website but I'm not sure.  Someone in the family gave us pictures of family gatherings that she was in.  Erdine was a cousin of mine through her mother, Lil.  Lil and my grandfather were sister and brother."
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo569\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RDINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RABELLA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 ENT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Rose Hill Cemetery, Swans Island, Maine}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo380\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo569}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RDINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 ENT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild162 162.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo680\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 ICTOR }T{\fs16 AINTER (}A{\fs16 DOPTED)}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 14, 1917, Swans Island, Maine; d. Bef. 2006.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 85.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild85   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo381\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born January 15, 1888 in The Meadows\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died November 25, 1983 in Little Branch, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo462\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  July 16, 1917 in MacNaughton residence, Little Branch, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1088\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1087}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born December 9, 1890 in Hardwicke, New Brunswick, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died January 14, 1965 in Black River Brid, New Brunswick, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo381\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Ken thinks that Uncle Jim was not well one winter and moved up with Dad in the woods of New Hampshire where he was a "cookee".  His father died in 1915 and he returned from Portland to look after his mother; he had worked in either a chemists shop or a photo shop.  May have been engaged while in Portland.  One story has it that Uncle Jim gave a "diamond" to a girl in Portland prior to his returning home.  Uncle Jim was in the militia anw went to camp in Sussex.
\par 
\par I believe that his father left the home place jointly to sons Jim and Ernest and Jim bought out the other half.    A newspaper clipping reported the following:
\par 
\par `James A Watling of Black River Bridge died Friday, November 25, 1983 at the Hotel Dieu Hospital, Chatham after a lengthy illness.  Born in Black River Bridge, he was the son of the late Jubal and Grace (MacDonald) Watling.
\par 
\par He had been a farmer and, for 42 years, a smelt buyer for W S Loggie Co of Chatham.
\par 
\par He was also the first leader of the 4H club in the area, , a charter member and board member of the former Newcastle Creamery, now Northumberland Co-Op.  He was also a member of St. Pauls Presbyterian Church, Black River Bridge, an elder of the church for 62 years and treasurer of the Presbytery for \tab some time.  His wife, the former Kathryn Mills died in 1965.
\par He is survived by his daughter, Mrs Alvin Young (Marjorie) of Loggieville; four sons, Winfield, Roy and George all of Moncton, and Neil Watling with whom he resided; 16 grandchildren and by nine great-grandchildren.  The body rested at Adams Funeral Home, Chatham.  The funeral was held at 2 pm Mon. Nov. 28 at St. Pauls Presbyterian Church.  Interment in the Black River Cemetery. 
\par 
\par An undated clipping believed to be from the Moncton Times, reported:
\par "J. A. Watling
\par BLACK RIVER BRIDGE (Special) - James A. Watling, 95, died Friday at Hotel Dieu Hospital, Chatham, after a lengthy illness.
\par Born in Black River bridge, he was the son of the late Jubal and Grace (MacDonald) Watling.  He had been a farmer and, for 42 years was a smelt buyer for W. S. Loggie Co. of Chatham.  He was also the first leader of the 4H Club in the area, a charter member and board member of the former Newcastle creamery, now Northumberland Co-Op.  He was also a member of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church,Black River Bridge, an elder of the church for 62 years and treasurer of the presbytery for a time.  His wife, the former Katherine Mills, died in 1965.
\par He is survived by a daughter, Mrs. Alvin Young (Marjorie) of Loggieville; four sons, Winfield, Roy and George, all of Moncton, and Neil Watling with whom he resided; 16 grandchildren, and by 9 great-grandchildren.
\par The body will be at Adams Funeral Home, Chatham, after 7 p.m. today.  The funeral service will be held at 2 p.m. Monday at St. Pauls Presbyterian Church.  Interment will be in the Black River Cemetery."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo381\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Very active in his church, served as ann elder for over 70 years both in Portland and Black river.  He and Aunt Kate both taught Sunday School at their home;\par 
Burial: Black River Cemetery\par 
Nationality: Canadian\par 
Occupation: As a young man, worked in a pharmacy in Portland; also as a photographer's assistant; returned to Little Branch when his father died (lookked after mother annd Uncle Jim MacDonald) and farmed for the remainder of his life.\par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo462\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Taught school in Loggieville and boarded at Audrey Loggie's; also taught in (Rosetown?) Saskatchewan.  Both her father and mother died when she was young and Aunt Kate was raised by her mother's brother, Donald MacNaughton - next house above the Glendenning s.  Her brothers Roy and Archie, were raised by John Archie MacNaughton, John Archibald MacNaughton, married to Mary Cameron.  Mildred Mackay believes that Uncle Ern courted Aunt Kate before she and Uncle Jim were married.
\par 
\par The Moncton Times of January 14, 1965 reported the following:
\par 
\par "The death of Mrs. Katharine Cameron Watling, 74, wife of James A. Watling, of Black River Bridge, occurred at her home Thursday following a lengthy illness.
\par She was born at Hardwicke, a daughter of the late John and Mary (MacNaughton) Mills.
\par She was a member of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church, the Women's Missionary Society, and honourary president of the Presbyterial of the WMS.  for a number of years she was oranist and choir direcor at the church.
\par Mrs. Watling was also a member of the Black River Women's Institute.
\par Surviving are her husband, a daughhter, Mrs. Alvin Young (Marjorie), Loggieville; four sons, Winfield, Roy and George, Moncton, and Neil, Black River; a brother, Roy Mills, Calgary, Alts., and 15 grandchildren.
\par The body is resitng at  the home, where the funeral service will be held at a time to be announced."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo462\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Very active in her church, taught Sunday School at their home; Aunt Kate taught many people in Black River to play the organ.\par 
Burial: Black River Brid, New Brunswick, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Occupation: School teacher and home maker\par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo381\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo462}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild163 163.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo463\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 14, 1920.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild164 164.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo464\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 INFIELD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 19, 1923; d. October 8, 1986.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild165 165.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo465\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 6, 1926.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild166 166.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo466\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 11, 1928.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild167 167.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo467\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle N{\fs16 EIL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 26, 1938.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 86.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild86   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born February 28, 1890 in Upper Black River, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died March 25, 1964 in Newcastle Hospital, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo292\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LMER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LTON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  October 18, 1910 in Bride's home, Little Branch, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo16\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo301}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ETERS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born June 29, 1875 in Canobie, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died May 18, 1938 in Black River Bridge, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Jane was the second youngest of a family of eight born to Jubal Watling and Grace (MacAskill) MacDonald, born, presumably at home, at the Meadows, Upper Black River, New Brunswick.  She was named after Jane Elizabeth Jardine , daughter of John Jardine, (1836-1912)who married Donald Cameron (Cameron Russell's grandmother)
\par 
\par When she was about 10 years old, the family moved from the Meadows to Little Branch.  She attended the Upper Black River school and later the school at Little Branch. 
\par 
\par Jane arrived in Portland on January 24, 1908 just prior to her 18th birthday.   Jane arrived in the early morning of January 24, 1908 and waited for her brother, George, to meet her. Apparently he came to the station but did not recognize her.   She had grown up while he was away from Black River.  Her brother Jack also worked in Portland at that time and likely there were many cousins. We also know that her brother Jim worked in Portland in a chemist/pharmacy, and also in photography, but whether he was there at that time we do not know.  
\par 
\par Among Mum's possessions was an envelope, addressed in Dad's handwriting and mailed from Wisconsin, showing Mum's address as 130 Emery Street, Portland.
\par 
\par She married Elmer Glendenning on October 18, 1910 and returned to the US where they lived and worked for the next nine years; .Information about this period is found in the notes about Elmer.
\par 
\par In Black river, Jane was active in her church, the Women's Missionary society and the Women's league.  She was also a long time member of the women's institute.  She liked to read and, in the early years at least, wrote poetry.
\par 
\par After 28 years of marriage, Jane Elizabeth Jardine (Watling) became a widow in 1939; she was 48 at the time.  The two oldest daughters, Grace and Venetia, were married and living elsewhere; her daughter, Lillian, was living and working in the Boston area.  Elinor and the five boys, the youngest being nine years old, were living at home.
\par 
\par The next decade, the wartime years, brought a number of significant changes to the community.  The commencement of classes, and the construction of the Miramichi Rural High School, allowed young people of the community to continue their schooling to the end of high school while continuing to live at home; before this, the nearest high school was in Loggieville, eleven miles away.  The looming war resulted in the construction of an airbase at Chatham, a radar station at St. Margaret's, and a bombing range on the road to Loggieville.  These developments meant a significant growth of non-farm jobs for the community.  The outbreak of hostilities also soon resulted in sons, sons-in-law, neighbours, relatives and friends entering the armed forces.  The decade also brought improved roads, regular bus service to Chatham and electric lights.  By the end of the decade, Black River had moved from a barter to a cash economy.
\par 
\par Although the sons continued to operate the family farm for the next decade, the decade also brought significant changes to the family;  Walter finished building his house on the Dan MacLean property, married and moved out; Lillian returned to New Brunswick and married; Elinor, Kenneth, Norman and Don attended the new Miramichi High School; Walter, Kenneth and Norman served in the armed forces; John, after operating the farm during the war, married, built a house and moved to the Bob MacLean property; Elinor married and moved out; Kenneth returned from military service, married and moved away; Don finished high school and entered teaching; Norman married and settled on the home place.    
\par 
\par Jane continued to be active in the community generally and encouraged her family and others to do the same.  She was especially active in her church, the Women's Missionary Society, the Presbyterian League and the Women's Institute.  She believed in education and supported the construction of a high school for the area; she also encouraged her family and others to continue their schooling. (It is interesting to note that the Miramichi Rural High School was the first rural high school in the Province; immediately following WW2, the number grew rapidly with, I believe, federal financial support, until there were approximately 50 rural high schools throughout the New Brunswick.)   
\par 
\par Norman and Jean married in 1951 and Mum continued to live with them until she died in 1964. Mum died in the Miramichi Hospital of cancer of the pancreas having been in the hospital only about two weeks.  
\par 
\par The following vignettes are intended to round out the picture of Mother, her interests, activities and passions:
\par 
\par 1\tab While discussing VE Day with Vance MacNaughton in June of 1995 at the shopping mall in Douglastown, he told Ken and I about his memory of VE Day (May 8, 1944).  As readers will know, the Little Branch School was down the road and across the brook from home.  Vance was a student in the school at the time when, suddenly, there was a knock and, without waiting for a response, the door flew open the school door flew open and Mum announced to teacher and students alike "The War is over".  
\par 2\tab Mother had no formal training as a nurse but made herself available and was frequently called upon by others in the community in time of need such as for a birth or death in a family.  
\par 3\tab Her " pin money" came from trading wool for yarn.  The wool was wash in rainwater heated on the kitchen stove, carried to the front yard, washed and rinsed several times and spread on the grass to dry then gathered up and bagged.  down into the grass and, therefore, being difficult to gather and bag when dry. The bags wool were loaded into the Model A Ford and taken to Brown's Woolen Mills in Nelson where it would be made into yarn.  She bartered her wool for skeins of yarn in colours, but mostly in white or grey. She knitted mitts and socks for the family, and sometimes for Christmas gifts, and sold surplus yarn to neighbours and, I think, she had some customers by mail.
\par 
\par 4\tab Bread was a staple and a large family required many loaves of bread each week.  The recipe was mixed in a large, round blue-enamelled, bread pan.  A cake of Fleischmann's yeast was "started" in a cup of warm water.  The dough was made into loaves, set in a warm place to rise, and then put in the oven to bake.  My recollection is that she would make 7 loaves at a time twice a week.  
\par 
\par 5\tab Mother loved to have visitors.  There were a half-dozen at every meal and putting up a meal for 15 after church on Sunday, or any other day, did not faze her a bit or if it did, she did not let on.  I cannot ever even once remember her saying, I wish they hadn't or wouldn't come today.  Meals were not fancy but they were always tasty.  Of course, when the visitors were family, the daughters or daughters-in-law, pitched in to help.
\par 
\par 6\tab Oil lamps were tended early each day so that, when night fell, there was no scramble for a light.  We had three oil lamps plus, in later years, an Aladdin lamp.  Lamps were filled with kerosene, wicks were trimmed, globes were wiped first with an old newspaper to remove the soot, then washed, dried and replaced.  When finished, the kerosene lights were placed on a shelf beside the clock high on the kitchen wall.   The Aladdin lamp used gas, naphtha?, and did not require such daily care. 
\par 
\par 7\tab Securing food for the coming winter was a major concern in a household.  While Mother had no special role in the planting or harvesting, she played the major role in pressuring food for winter.  The first step was to have a good garden, which resulted in potatoes, carrots and turnips stored in bins in the basement.  Carrots were a bit more complex and were usually stored in sand in the basement.  Apples were stored in a cold bedroom, usually the large bedroom over the driveway.  Some preserves were put up - peaches, cucumber pickles, chow and mustard beans.  Several baskets of peaches were purchased and these were bottled along with some strawberries, blueberries and maybe even raspberries.  
\par 
\par St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church annual report for 1910 includes the following:
\par  
\par "GLENDENNING-WATLING - At the home of the bride's parents, on October 18, Alton Elmer Glendenning of Bathurst and Jane Elizabeth Watling of Little Branch".
\par 
\par I have the following clipping, date and newspaper unknown:
\par 
\par "DEATH MRS. E. GLENDENNING - CHATHAM (Special) - "The death of Mrs. Jean Elizabeth Jardine Glendenning, 74, widow of Elmer A. Glendenning of Black River Bridge, occurred at Miramichi Hospital Newcastle, Wednesday, following a brief illness.
\par Born in Black River  and a daughter of Jubal and Grace (MacDonald) Watling, she was a member of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church and the WMS and Women's League of her church.
\par Surviving are five sons, Walter of Lewisville, John and Norman, both of Black River, Kenneth and Donald, both of Ottawa; four daughters, Mrs Roy Smith, Malden, Mass., Mrs. Cameron Russell, Centre Napan, Mrs. Brydone Weeks, Harvey Station, Mrs. Earl Taylor, Black River; a sister, Mrs. John R. Godfrey, Black River, and two brothers, James A. Watling, Black River and Ernest Watling, Loggieville; 27 grandchildren and seven great grandchildren.
\par The body is resting at the home of her son, Norman, where the funeral services will be held Saturday at 2:30 pm.
\par Burial will be in Black River Cemetery."
\par  
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: St Paul's presbyterian Church; Women's Institute, Women's Missionary Society; Women's League\par 
Burial: March 28, 1964, Black River Cemetery, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Cause of Death: Cancer (liver?)\par 
Education: Upper Black River School, NB\par 
Emigration: Moved to Portland, Maine in 1908; returned to NB in 1914; retuened to US in 1916 but came back permanently to black River in 1919\par 
Met spouse: 1908, Portland, Maine\par 
Nationality: Canadian\par 
Occupation: 1908, Nanny, Portland, Maine; homemaker\par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo292\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LMER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LTON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Elmer, the second child and first son to Walter and Elizabeth (Peters) Glendenning, was born in Canobie on land that is now a grove of trees directly across the road from the Canobie School, now the Women's Institute Hall.   Baptismal record shows birthdate as June 10, 1875
\par 
\par It is likely that he went to the one room school on a corner of his Uncle's farm next door since the family seems to have valued education; this is not surprising in that his grandmother was a teacher and lived in the home until Elmer was 20.  As further evidence, his brother, Chip took a business course, Guy studied but did not finish dentistry and Margaret trained as a nurse.  It is likely that Dad took some technical courses while in Portland; I remember some engineering books at home.  His oldest sister, Venetia, provided a home for his sister, Margaret, so that she could finish high school in Portland; I believe that Uncle Guy also completed high school there; maybe others did as well.    
\par 
\par Elmer's father was a farmer and, judging by the amount of land accumulated, a successful one at that.  Elmer, and all the boys, and maybe even the girls, would be expected to do their share.  The land would have to be cleared of trees, and those who know Canobie, will remember the stony fields; and all the work would be done by hand or with the aid of horses.
\par 
\par At that time he probably knew people, even friends, who went to Maine or New Hampshire during the winter to work in the woods and then return to farm and fish in the summer; he may have even done that himself.  
\par 
\par The Glendennings were well established in Portland in the first decade of the 1900s. Frank moved there in 1898 and Elmer by 1901. Venetia, the oldest child, seems to have played the role of "host" as each new family member moved south.  Venetia lived in Falmouth Foreside which is between Portland and Freeport.  Other siblings known to have lived in Portland, at least for a while, include Margaret, Raymond and Guy.   In addition, Maude and her husband, Jim Cormier lived in Lincoln, New Hampshire where Uncle Jim Cormier worked in the mill, and Leonard and his family lived in Maine.  We also know, for example, that his Aunt, Mary Ann (Harley) who had married a Stevens and lived next door in Canobie, had moved to Portland to be with family after her husband died in 1870.   Land grant records show that Lot # 28 in Canobie, 100 acres, was granted to Atton E. Glendenning on 1901-07-06.  .
\par 
\par Prior to his marriage in 1910, we know that Elmer, his brother, Frank, and likely brothers Ray and Guy operated a trucking business under the name Glendenning Bros. & Co. (All Kinds of Team Work) at 24 Hammond Street. They had horses and wagons and did all kinds of hauling.  Portland was the winter terminus of the Great Northern Railway, later the CNR, which meant that much goods would be moved, in all kinds of combinations, from trains, ships to warehouses, retail stores and homes.  One role Dad told about was that of delivering ice to homes. Elmer also had crews of men and horses in the woods in  winter, we believe in both Maine and new Hampshire, but possibly also in Vermont.  Other people from Black River worked with him including his brother-in-law, James A. Watling  and Ramsay MacLean (a nephew of Adam MacLean who was married to Elmer's first cousin. Millie.)  According to Herbert Daley, Herb Daley, Dad's first cousin, also worked in the woods with Elmer.  
\par 
\par In the first decade of the 20th century, Elmer and his brothers operated a cartage business in Portland, Maine.  I believe that his brother, Frank, was a partner in the business and others may have been as well.  Bobby Glendenning believes said that his father, Guy, worked in the business and brother Ray worked with them as a blacksmith.  By 1910, Elmer was working on the Rothschild dam in Wausau, Wisconsin from where, on January 25, 1910, he mailed "Jeannie Glendenning" in Portland; some dams were being built to improve the rafting of logs; others were built for the generation of power.  
\par 
\par Elmer and Jane were married in Litle Branch in 1910 and returned to Portland, however, by February 1911 they were living in Parksville, Tennessee where Elmer worked on Ocoee #1, the first of three dams build on the Ocoee River. Later Mum and Dad moved up the Ocoee River to Caney Creek where a second dam was built.  (This project included the construction of a flume line to carry water for five  miles over valleys and along rocky ledges to a head pond with a drop of 250 feet to the turbines below.)  The flume line is still in existence and designated as a national historic site.  Over the next few years they moved from construction site to construction site in Hampton, Virginia, Mussel Shoals. Alabama, North haven, Connecticut,   Dad also worked for a while in Abiline, Texas but I do not believe that Mum moved there.   Probably the other major project was in Virginia where Elmer was in charge of the clearing of Langley Field which, I believe, handled both sea and land based airplanes.  It was a defense establishment and, I believe they lived on th site; people needed passes when returning to the site; Venetia's pass was for 1918, I do not know the year of Lillian's pass.  Dad worked in Mussell Shoals likely either at the Wilson Dam or at the nearby nitrate plant.  At the same time, we have evidence that Uncle Frank worked at Plant No. 1, US Nitrate Co. in Sheffield Alabama.  He was working  for the J. G. White Engineering Co, which is the same one Dad worked for in Hampton, Virginia.
\par 
\par On July 21, 1914, Elmer bought the Jessie MacDonald property at Little Branch  and they move there during late 1913 or early 1914  (The property passed from Jessie to her nephew, Alexader from whom Dad made the purchase)   Elmer beame post master in 1914 but resigned in 1916 and moved to Fairhaven, Connecticut where they lived at 3 Perkins Street.  By 1919, they took up permanent residence at their home in Little Branch.  Over the years he purchased a number of other properties, one for each of his sons.
\par 
\par Like others in Black River, they operated a mixed farm that included cows, pigs, hens, geese, horses, turkeys; crops included a farm garden, oats, barley, wheat, buckwheat, and hay.  Cash was scarce; most of their business was accomplished thriugh barter of eggs, chickens,, beef, pork, the sale of weaners (Piglets four to six weeks old), geese, turkeys, ducks, bales of hay, bags of grain, cream, potatoes, furnace wood, and butter, etc.  In addition, the  farm ensured that the family had meat and potatoes for their own use.  For a while he had a team of oxen which he used around the farm.  Lillian remembers using them to haul sap from back on the "ridge".
\par 
\par Elmer active in the community including the building of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church (on June 14, 1926 was elected to the first Board of Managers) , was a prime mover in the construction of a community hall.  The first hall was opened in 1931 and burned to the ground in 1932.  A second hall was built in 1933.  He was active in the Orange Lodge, Oddfellows, and Masons.
\par 
\par In addition to farming, he and his brother-in-law, John W. MacNaughton operated a pulp business. They operated a "rosser", a machine for peeling pulp in Middle Black River, across from the Cameron School, and operated lumber camps in St. Margaret's and the Black River area.  He continued to be active in construction and built the bridge at John Godfrey's and John Dick's. His last job away from home was the construction of Tinker Dam near Woodstock, NB
\par 
\par Elmer Glendenning was known as a hard worker. He built and repaired his own harness, re-soled the children's shoes, and made axe handles. Even when he was not able to work, Brydone Weeks told that Dad had himself taken to the field in a wheelbarrow where he sharpened the scythes while the men were cutting marsh hay.  Dad suffered for a number of years with pernicious anaemia (or was it leukemia ?).  Walter remembers the wagon rack breaking one evening when coming from the woods with a load of wood.  Later he and Dad returned to the woods, unloaded the wood, cut poles, repaired the wagon rack, and returned home so that the wagon load of wood was ready to be taken to Loggieville the next day.  Part of the repair work was carried out by the light of a lantern.  Lillian remembers Dad up on the roof shingling at daybreak.  
\par 
\par Dad was a founding member of an Agricultural Society (#103) and was its Secretary Treasurer for fourteen years.  An Agricultural Society, and there were many throughout the Province,  was like a Co-op.  Farmers banded together and bought seeds, lime and fertilizer, etc. in bulk and sold it to themselves
\par 
\par It is interesting that Dad's name sometimes appears as Alton Elmer and other times as Elmer Alton Glendenning.  Although I have not seen a birth certificate, my earliest references are to Elmer Alton Glendenning.  
\par 
\par Venetia's clippings included the following believed to have been taken from the Moncton Times:
\par 
\par "CHATHAM,May 22 - The community of Black River and the Miramichi generally will learn with deep regret of the death of Elmer A. Glendenning at his home Black River Bridge.  For 14 years he had been the energetic secretary-treasurer of the progressive Agricultural Society of that district.  For over a quarter of a century  he has been a member of the Masonic Order; for 30 years enjoyed membership in the Oddfellows Craft, and for the long period of 43 years was a member of the Loyal Orange Lodge.
\par Surviving are his wife (formerly Miss. Jean Watling of Black River and nine children.  There are four daughters, Mrs. Roy Smith of Medford, Mass., Mrs Cameron Russell of Point Aux Carr, Lillian of Needham, Mass., and Elinor at home, an infant daughter, Margaret Virginia was buried in Hampton, Virginia in 1918; five sons, Walter, John, Kenneth, Norman and Don, all at home.  
\par The funeral of the late Mr. Glendenning was held yesterday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock with Dr. Genge of Calvin Church, Chatham, officiating.  Interment was made in St. Stephen's Cemetery, Black River." 
\par 
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo292\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LMER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LTON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Member of Oddfellows, Masonic Lodge and Loyal Orange Order; Secretary/Treasurer, Agricultural Society #103; Secretary Treasurer, Black River Community Hall; active in St. paul's presbyyterian Church\par 
Baptism: August 8, 1875, Canobie Anglican\par 
Burial: May 21, 1938, Black River Cemetery,  NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Education: Not known\par 
Emigration: Moved to USA prior to 1901; purchased property in Little Branch in 1914, returned to USA to work but came back to Black River to live in 1919\par 
Met spouse: Abt. 1908, Portland, Maine\par 
Nationality: Canadian\par 
Occupation: Glendenning Bros. Cartage, Portland, Me; lumbering, Me and NH; heavy construction in Wasau, Wis; Parksville, Tenn; North Haven, Conn; Abiline, Texas; Mussel Shoals, Ab; Hampton,Va,  farmer in NB and occasional construction jobs\par 
Religion: Presbyterian\par 
Residence: Little Branch, Northumberland Co., New Brunswick, Canada}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo292\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LMER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild168 168.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo84\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 23, 1911, Parksville, Tennessee, USA; d. August 9, 1991, Winthrop, Mass. U. S. A..}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild169 169.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo295\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 29, 1913, Black River Bridge, NB; d. June 16, 1998, Moncton Hospital, Moncton, NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild170 170.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo296\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ENETIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 14, 1915, Little Branch, New Brunswick; d. January 11, 2003.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild171 171.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo297\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 8, 1917, Fairhaven, Conneticut, U. S. A.; d. October 23, 2001, Wauklehegan Manor, MacAdam, NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo298\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 IRGINIA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. January 13, 1918, Virginia, U. S. A.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. January 18, 1918\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo298\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 IRGINIA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
The Daily Press Newspaper, Hampton, Virgina, for January 13-20, 1918 carried the following notice:
\par 
\par Death of an Infant
\par Mary Virginia Glendenning, the infant daughter of Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Glendenning, died in the home of her parents at Langley Field yesterday.  Funeral services will be conducted at 3 o'clock this afternoon by the Rev. Charles Friend, Pastor of the Hampton Presbyterian Church.  Burial will be made in St. John's Cemetery."  The gravestone inscription in St. John's Episcopal Cemetery, Hampton, Virginia reads:   "Margaret V. Infant of Elmer & Jean Glendenning Jan. 13,1918   Jan.18, 1918"  (353) }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo298\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 IRGINIA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: 1918, St. John's Episcopalian Cemetery, Hampton, Virginia, U. S. A.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild172 172.\ftwlnkend \tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo299\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANKLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 14, 1919, Black River , NB ?; d. June 21, 1986, Black River, NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild173 173.\ftwlnkend \tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo300\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 10, 1922; d. February 22, 1973, Miramichi Hosp, Newcastle, NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild174 174.\ftwlnkend \tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo42\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LMER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 25, 1924, Black River Br., New Brunswick.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild175 175.\ftwlnkend \tab ix.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo25\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 ETERS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 31, 1925, Black River Br., N. B..}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild176 176.\ftwlnkend \tab x.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo18\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST }M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 8, 1929, Little Branch, New Brunswick, New Brunswick.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 87.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild87   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3410\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born February 23, 1892 in Upper Black River, New Brunswick, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died December 29, 1974 in Loggieville\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3386\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LICE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  July 6, 1921\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2109\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2110}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1899, and died December 9, 1990\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3410\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Prior to WW1 did construction work at Ocoee#1 in Parksville, Tennessee.  
\par 
\par Went overseas with the 26th. Battalion #70039); served in France; suffered head wounds at Manchy, France on August 27, 1918;  awarded the MM; 
\par 
\par After the war he moved to Niagara Falls, Ontario;  returned to Little Branch about 1933 and lived with brother, Jim and children attended Little Branch school; moved to Savoie's Beach in Loggieville; did security at Chatham air base during WW2; Employed at WS Loggie Company, Chatham until retirement.
\par 
\par The following clipping was in the local newspaper:
\par 
\par "The death of D. Ernest Watling Sr. of Manse Lane, Loggieville, occurred Sunday at Hotel Dieu, here, following a long illness.  He was 81.  Born at Black River Bridge, he was the son of the late Jubal and Grace (MacDonald) Watling.
\par He attended Knox United Church, Loggieville, and was a veteran of the First Worls War, serving overseas with the 26th Battallion.  During the Second World War he was a security guard at CFB Chatham.  He was a member of the Chatham Branch Royal Canadian Legion.  For a number of years the family resided in Niagara Falls and, following their return to the Miramichi, he worked for W S Loggie Company Limited here until his retirement some years ago.
\par He is survived by his wife, the former Alice MacLean of Black River Bridge; one daughter, Mrs Everett Wishart (Joyce) of Bathurst; three sons, Clifton (Kip) of Campbellton, Ernest of Buffalo, NY, Gilbert of Newcastle; one sister, Mrs. John r. Godfrey (Janet) of Black River Bridge; one brother, James A Watling also of Black River Bridge, and by 16 grandchildren.  The body is resting at his home in Loggieville.
\par The Funeral will be held at 2:30 pm Tuesday at Knox United Church, Loggieville, with entombment in Black River Memorial Vault to await burial in the spring.
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3410\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Baptism: St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church, Black River\par 
Burial: January 1, 1975, Black River Cemetery\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Occupation: 1913-14 Ocoee31, Parksville, Elmer Glendenning in Parkksville, Tenn, worked in Niagara Falls, Ontario and returned during depression; stayed with Uncle Jim for a while (1933?) and family went to Branch School; moved to worked at WS Loggies until retirement\par 
School(s): Little Branch\par 
Service No.: #70039}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3386\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LICE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
A clipping dated December 9, 1990 believed to be from the Moncton times reports:
\par 
\par Mrs. S. A. Watling
\par LOGGIEVILLE (Special) - Mrs. S. Alice Watling, 91, widow of D.Ernest Watling, died Wednesday at the Hotel Dieu Hospital, Chatham, following a brief illness.
\par Born in Black River Bridge, she was the daughter of the late Donald H. and Catherine (Fowlie) MacLean.  She was a member of Knox United church, Loggieville, and a life member of the United Church women.
\par She was predeceased by her husband in 1973; and by a son, Ernest, earlier this year.
\par She is survived by a daughter, Mrs. Everett Wishart (Joyce) of Bathurst; two sons, Clifton (Kip) of Campbellton, and Gilbert (Gib) of Newcastle;a brother James of Hopedale, Mass.; 16 grandchildren; 17 great- grandchildren; and several nieces and nephews.
\par The body is at her residence in Loggieville.  Funeral service will be held Wednesday at 2 p.m. at Knox United Church, Loggieville. Interment will be in black River cemetery.}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3386\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LICE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: August 29, 1899\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Burial: December 12, 1990\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Religion: United Church}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3410\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3386}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild177 177.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo484\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 LIFTON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 30, 1922, Niagara Falls, Ontario; d. September 25, 2007.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild178 178.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo485\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 27, 1924, Chippewa, Ontario; d. July 5, 1990, Tonawanda, New York.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild179 179.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo486\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OYCE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 15, 1927, Chippewa.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild180 180.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo487\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ILBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LLISON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 8, 1933.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 88.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild88   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo540\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16  }K{\fs16 ELLY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born 1880 in A twin of Bessie, and died November 16, 1881.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo540\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16  }K{\fs16 ELLY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
A twin of Bessie}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo540\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16  }K{\fs16 ELLY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4736\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 AROLD}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4737\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AUGHTER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4738\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IBSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 89.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild89   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo870\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 ETRIE }S{\fs16 TREET}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born October 2, 1882\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died May 3, 1947 in Amherst, Nova Scotia\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4891\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 A}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}G{\fs16 IVERN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born April 11, 1885.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo870\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4891}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}G{\fs16 IVERN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4751\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 AROLD}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 24, 1909.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4752\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4892\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ERCY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4893\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 25, 1907.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 90.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild90   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo541\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born July 14, 1884\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo869\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 THEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 OWSE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo541\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo869}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 THEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 OWSE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4894\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 AUGHN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 91.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild91   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo538\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALLACE }W{\fs16 AITS}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born March 16, 1888\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died September 14, 1929 in Chatham\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo867\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 UNNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born 1889, and died 1994.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo538\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALLACE }W{\fs16 AITS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Mayor of Chatham; elected to sports Hall of Fame}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo538\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo867}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 UNNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild181 181.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4734\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 LOYD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , d. 1986.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4735\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4897\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 UGH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild182 182.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4733\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle N{\fs16 ED}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 30, 1913; d. August 10.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4732\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4906\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 RADWELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4730\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 HYLLIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4907\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 AUL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 EBERT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4731\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLISON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 92.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild92   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo539\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born June 29, 1890\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died June 25, 1969\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo868\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LEANOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 YATT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She died 1987.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo539\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo868}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LEANOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 YATT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild183 183.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4908\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }M{\fs16 ACNAUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. Abt. 1934.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 93.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild93   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born August 19, 1877 in Chatham, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died September 13, 1952 in Bathurst, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2224\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 YRTLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 EMPSEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  September 9, 1903 in Stonehaven, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2092\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2093}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 EMPSEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ALEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born July 4, 1881 in Stonehaven, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died April 5, 1966 in Salmon River, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
A twin of Bessie}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2224}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 YRTLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 EMPSEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild184 184.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2095\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 WILA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 AZEL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 29, 1904; d. January 29, 1991.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild185 185.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2096\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 UELAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANCES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 30, 1905; d. November 1, 1997.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild186 186.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2097\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 20, 1908; d. May 19, 1978.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild187 187.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2098\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 ENA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 11, 1912; d. February 6, 1995.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild188 188.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2185\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 DELAIDE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 27, 1916; d. July 5, 1985.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild189 189.\ftwlnkend \tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2100\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 3, 1919, Bathurst, NB; d. January 5, 1987.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild190 190.\ftwlnkend \tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2101\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 YRTLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 3, 1923.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 94.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild94   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo415\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born November 27, 1882, and died April 3, 1971.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3042\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 VERARD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  November 23, 1914, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3039\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2997}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born October 19, 1889, and died 1946.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3042\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo415}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild191 191.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo954\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 24, 1915; d. October 2, 2003.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild192 192.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo953\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 VERARD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 22, 1917.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 95.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild95   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo418\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 LIFFORD }W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born December 12, 1888, and died September 19, 1962.  He married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2384\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .    He married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2385\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 VELYN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 LADYS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 INDLAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born May 26, 1911.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo418\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 LIFFORD }W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Moved to Montreal area and changed name to John Hugh (Jack) MacDonald}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo418\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2384}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1039\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1040\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1041\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1042\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ERTON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1043\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1044\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1045\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1046\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ix.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1047\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 AYMOND}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab x.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1048\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LFRED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo418\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2385}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 VELYN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 INDLAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab xi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2386\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 4, 1930.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab xii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2387\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ENRIETTA }M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD }M{\fs16 OSHER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 3, 1931.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab xiii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2388\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 LIFTON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 22, 1933.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab xiv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2389\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHLEEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 5, 1934.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab xv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2390\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 REDERICK}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 21, 1936.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab xvi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2391\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ILTON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 5, 1937.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab xvii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2392\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ERTON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 ELBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 10, 1938.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab xviii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2393\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 COTT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 12, 1940.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab xix.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2394\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 AYMOND}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 4, 1947.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab xx.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2395\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LFRED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 19, 1948.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 96.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild96   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo420\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born May 6, 1881, and died April 9, 1950.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo428\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  December 25, 1905, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3251\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3248}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 UGH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born January 23, 1881, and died November 19, 1963.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo428\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo420}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild193 193.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1953\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REDERICK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 28, 1906; d. 1972.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1954\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 UGH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES }E{\fs16 LDON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 6, 1911; d. April 26, 1973; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2380\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ONNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 LEMENTINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 OWERS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. November 9, 1916; d. April 26, 1973.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild194 194.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1955\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ATHLEEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 25, 1908; d. January 5, 1998.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2370\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1910; d. 1910.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 97.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild97   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo421\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born December 27, 1876, and died May 3, 1908.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo429\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 OLL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  October 3, 1900.  He was born November 29, 1869, and died 1936.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo421\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: May 3, 1908}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo429\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo421}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1951\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 LIFFORD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. January 18, 1907; d. October 21, 1963; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo388\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 LADYS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , October 16, 1935\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; b. November 29, 1907\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. October 9, 1985.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1952\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 98.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild98   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo417\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born January 20, 1887\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died January 19, 1970 in Kimberley, BC, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2328\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 OWERS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  December 2, 1924.  She was born July 17, 1892, and died March 13, 1952.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2328\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 OWERS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Donald Edge says she was born in 1889}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2328\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 OWERS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: June 17, 1891\par 
Died 2: March 13, 1952}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo417\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2328}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild195 195.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo955\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 8, 1926; d. May 1, 1995.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo956\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. April 28, 1931; d. February 14, 1981; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2382\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AURA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ILLIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild196 196.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3916\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 5, 1934; d. 2008.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 99.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild99   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo416\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 MILY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILMINA }E{\fs16 DDY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born April 6, 1894\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died January 26, 1966 in Calgary, AB, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo425\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  July 12, 1913, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3251\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3248}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 UGH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born March 16, 1891, and died January 19, 1977.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo416\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 MILY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILMINA }E{\fs16 DDY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Emily Watling}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo425\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo416}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 MILY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1950\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UBY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 22, 1914; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2396\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 RUSSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 100.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild100   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4686\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 OWERS }D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born January 12, 1891, and died January 26, 1972.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4685\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UTH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast U{\fs16 LLOCK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  December 19, 1917, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2399\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2398}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 HOMAS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast U{\fs16 LLOCK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1894, and died March 30, 1980.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4685\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UTH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast U{\fs16 LLOCK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Ruth M Ullock\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Date born 2: June 21, 1894}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4686\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4685}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UTH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast U{\fs16 LLOCK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1006\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ARRY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. August 1, 1920; d. 2003; m. (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2397\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REEN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. June 28, 1932; m. (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2415\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , July 2, 1941; b. February 16, 1923; d. May 29, 1949.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild197 197.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1007\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RNOLD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 19, 1922; d. 1986.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild198 198.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1008\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 ORNA }B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 9, 1923; d. November 12, 2006.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1009\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EWIS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. May 19, 1925; d. May 30, 1967; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2178\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERTA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. February 27, 1938.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1009\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EWIS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Eldon Watling\par 
Died 2: May 30, 1967}\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2178\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERTA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Mabel Roberta Cameron\par 
Date born 2: February 17, 1938}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1013\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 YRON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ATHEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. December 25, 1926; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2778\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 SSENSA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild199 199.\ftwlnkend \tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1010\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UBY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 13, 1928; d. May 8, 2005.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1015\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ATHLEEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. April 9, 1930; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2780\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 AROLD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1927.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1011\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 AZEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 ESSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. September 19, 1932; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2781\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ALVIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1932; d. 2002.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ix.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1014\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EONA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. October 11, 1934; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2782\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 W.}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 ITZPATRICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1935.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab x.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1012\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. April 29, 1936; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2775\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle O{\fs16 .}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 EDWIN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1931.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 101.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild101   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo554\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ARRISON}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo361\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born December 31, 1899 in Chatham\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died December 21, 1957 in Chatham\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo875\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  October 21, 1925\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4182\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She died March 31, 1992 in Chatham.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo554\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ARRISON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Riverside Cem, Chatham\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo554\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo875}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ARRISON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1956\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1957\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1958\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 102.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild102   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4167\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }H{\fs16 UGH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5607\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born 1891, and died 1958.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2771\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2763\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4142}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born December 24, 1894, and died December 24, 1999.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4167\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }H{\fs16 UGH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: January 3, 1891\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Died 2: November 13, 1958, Black River\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4167\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2771}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild200 200.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2299\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 URIEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 UTH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1915.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild201 201.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1916; d. January 5, 2003.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2304\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 YRON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 VERETT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1917.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild202 202.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2300\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1919; d. July 7, 1997.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2301\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ERNA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1921; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2321\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2302\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 LAIR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1923.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2303\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ANCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1925.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2305\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 LOYD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 OUIS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1927; d. October 28, 1997; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4720\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ODIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ARTIN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild203 203.\ftwlnkend \tab ix.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2295\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 STHER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 25, 1928, Black River.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab x.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3435\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 YBIL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1930; m. (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2412\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1918; d. 1987; m. (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2316\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 IM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3435\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 YBIL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Sybil Christine Watling}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab xi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2296\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 HELMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 ENORE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1936; d. November 19, 2008; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2317\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab xii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2297\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 LENNA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LLISON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 15, 1938; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2318\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ILLIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 103.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild103   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo462\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1087\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2204\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born December 9, 1890 in Hardwicke, New Brunswick, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died January 14, 1965 in Black River Brid, New Brunswick, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo381\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  July 16, 1917 in MacNaughton residence, Little Branch, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo304}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born January 15, 1888 in The Meadows\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died November 25, 1983 in Little Branch, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo462\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Taught school in Loggieville and boarded at Audrey Loggie's; also taught in (Rosetown?) Saskatchewan.  Both her father and mother died when she was young and Aunt Kate was raised by her mother's brother, Donald MacNaughton - next house above the Glendenning s.  Her brothers Roy and Archie, were raised by John Archie MacNaughton, John Archibald MacNaughton, married to Mary Cameron.  Mildred Mackay believes that Uncle Ern courted Aunt Kate before she and Uncle Jim were married.
\par 
\par The Moncton Times of January 14, 1965 reported the following:
\par 
\par "The death of Mrs. Katharine Cameron Watling, 74, wife of James A. Watling, of Black River Bridge, occurred at her home Thursday following a lengthy illness.
\par She was born at Hardwicke, a daughter of the late John and Mary (MacNaughton) Mills.
\par She was a member of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church, the Women's Missionary Society, and honourary president of the Presbyterial of the WMS.  for a number of years she was oranist and choir direcor at the church.
\par Mrs. Watling was also a member of the Black River Women's Institute.
\par Surviving are her husband, a daughhter, Mrs. Alvin Young (Marjorie), Loggieville; four sons, Winfield, Roy and George, Moncton, and Neil, Black River; a brother, Roy Mills, Calgary, Alts., and 15 grandchildren.
\par The body is resitng at  the home, where the funeral service will be held at a time to be announced."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo462\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Very active in her church, taught Sunday School at their home; Aunt Kate taught many people in Black River to play the organ.\par 
Burial: Black River Brid, New Brunswick, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Occupation: School teacher and home maker\par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo381\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Ken thinks that Uncle Jim was not well one winter and moved up with Dad in the woods of New Hampshire where he was a "cookee".  His father died in 1915 and he returned from Portland to look after his mother; he had worked in either a chemists shop or a photo shop.  May have been engaged while in Portland.  One story has it that Uncle Jim gave a "diamond" to a girl in Portland prior to his returning home.  Uncle Jim was in the militia anw went to camp in Sussex.
\par 
\par I believe that his father left the home place jointly to sons Jim and Ernest and Jim bought out the other half.    A newspaper clipping reported the following:
\par 
\par `James A Watling of Black River Bridge died Friday, November 25, 1983 at the Hotel Dieu Hospital, Chatham after a lengthy illness.  Born in Black River Bridge, he was the son of the late Jubal and Grace (MacDonald) Watling.
\par 
\par He had been a farmer and, for 42 years, a smelt buyer for W S Loggie Co of Chatham.
\par 
\par He was also the first leader of the 4H club in the area, , a charter member and board member of the former Newcastle Creamery, now Northumberland Co-Op.  He was also a member of St. Pauls Presbyterian Church, Black River Bridge, an elder of the church for 62 years and treasurer of the Presbytery for \tab some time.  His wife, the former Kathryn Mills died in 1965.
\par He is survived by his daughter, Mrs Alvin Young (Marjorie) of Loggieville; four sons, Winfield, Roy and George all of Moncton, and Neil Watling with whom he resided; 16 grandchildren and by nine great-grandchildren.  The body rested at Adams Funeral Home, Chatham.  The funeral was held at 2 pm Mon. Nov. 28 at St. Pauls Presbyterian Church.  Interment in the Black River Cemetery. 
\par 
\par An undated clipping believed to be from the Moncton Times, reported:
\par "J. A. Watling
\par BLACK RIVER BRIDGE (Special) - James A. Watling, 95, died Friday at Hotel Dieu Hospital, Chatham, after a lengthy illness.
\par Born in Black River bridge, he was the son of the late Jubal and Grace (MacDonald) Watling.  He had been a farmer and, for 42 years was a smelt buyer for W. S. Loggie Co. of Chatham.  He was also the first leader of the 4H Club in the area, a charter member and board member of the former Newcastle creamery, now Northumberland Co-Op.  He was also a member of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church,Black River Bridge, an elder of the church for 62 years and treasurer of the presbytery for a time.  His wife, the former Katherine Mills, died in 1965.
\par He is survived by a daughter, Mrs. Alvin Young (Marjorie) of Loggieville; four sons, Winfield, Roy and George, all of Moncton, and Neil Watling with whom he resided; 16 grandchildren, and by 9 great-grandchildren.
\par The body will be at Adams Funeral Home, Chatham, after 7 p.m. today.  The funeral service will be held at 2 p.m. Monday at St. Pauls Presbyterian Church.  Interment will be in the Black River Cemetery."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo381\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Very active in his church, served as ann elder for over 70 years both in Portland and Black river.  He and Aunt Kate both taught Sunday School at their home;\par 
Burial: Black River Cemetery\par 
Nationality: Canadian\par 
Occupation: As a young man, worked in a pharmacy in Portland; also as a photographer's assistant; returned to Little Branch when his father died (lookked after mother annd Uncle Jim MacDonald) and farmed for the remainder of his life.\par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (85) James Alexander William Watling.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 104.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild104   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo396\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1090\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2204\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born October 7, 1896, and died June 6, 1944 in W.W. II, France\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo384\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  September 4, 1929\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2203\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo377}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born January 26, 1901 in Black River\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died March 14, 1983.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo396\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Veteran of WW1; Major with the North Shore (New Brunswick) Regiment, RCIC; killed in Normandy landing on D-Day; a clipping, source and date unknown, reports: "Major Archie MacNaughton  Word came on Monday to Mrs. J. Archie macNaughton, Black river Bridge, that her husband, Major MacNaughton, had been officially reported killed in action.  No details of his whereabouts were given.
\par Major macNaughton was an efficient officer and very popular with his men.  He served in the Fiirst Great War as a private with the 104th Battalion.  During peacetime he followed the occuation of farmer but never lost contact with the militia, attennding Summer camp each year.  He went overseas in July 1941.
\par Major MacNaughton is survived by his wife, the former Grace macNaughton, Black river Bridge; one son, Francis, 14, and a daughter, Margaret, 10; two sisters, Mrs 
\par Charles Neilson and Miss Catherine MacNaughton both of Chatham Head; his stepmother and one half-sister, Miss Helen MacNaughton, Black river Bridge."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo396\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Beny-sur-Mer, France\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo384\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo396\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo384}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild204 204.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo397\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANCES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 17, 1930.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo398\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. 1934; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2279\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 ALFOUR}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LASSFORD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 105.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild105   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2069\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1090\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2204\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born January 1, 1929.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo650\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 UGH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  February 3, 1951, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1219\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo936}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARION}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born August 15, 1921, and died March 3, 2009.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2069\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: 1929}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo650\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 UGH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: 1921}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo650\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2069}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2113\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 LARK}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5183\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 OM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 LARKE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2114\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2115\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5182\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 AUNDERS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild205 205.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2116\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AWN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2117\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ALPH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2118\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ETSY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 HRISTINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 106.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild106   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3448\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ESSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2270\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2204\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born October 20, 1901.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2298\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ERBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  November 11, 1930.  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2298\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3448}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3055\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ENRY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 31, 1931.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 107.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild107   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3449\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2270\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2204\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born July 12, 1903 in Napan, and died January 1947.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3117\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 INTERS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born Abt. 1904, and died March 11, 1978.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3117\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3449}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 INTERS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3272\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 INTERS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2756\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 HRISTINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 INTERS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 108.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild108   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2286\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 RENE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2274\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2204\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born October 1902, and died May 1988.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2287\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3284\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3283}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born September 21, 1900, and died 1999.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2287\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2286}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild206 206.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2439\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1931; d. May 22, 2003, Stoney Creek, Ontario.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2440\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1936; m. (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5763\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 RANVILLE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1934; m. (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5764\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARIELLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OGUEN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1939.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 109.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild109   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2288\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 AN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2274\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2204\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born September 1, 1904, and died May 19, 1989.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2447\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ERTHA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERTA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  June 19, 1929, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4191\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo192}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 OGGIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born March 29, 1906, and died 1997.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2288\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2447}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 AN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ERTHA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo405\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 10, 1930; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3078\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2438\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ANCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 29, 1934; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2177\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ANNA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 110.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild110   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3283\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2949\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 TCHESON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1870 in NB, and died 1955 in NB.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3284\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3361\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3365}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SABELLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1862 in NB, and died 1932 in NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3283\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: 1870\par 
Died 2: 1955}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3284\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: 1862}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3284\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3283}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3285\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1892.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3287\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1896.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3287\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Veteran of WW1;}
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3288\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 ARLE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1899.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild207 207.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2287\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 21, 1900; d. 1999.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild208 208.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2799\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NGUS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1904; d. 1978.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3289\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 AROLD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 EYERS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1909.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3290\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 SABELLA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1912.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3149\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 AMUEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 DAM }A{\fs16 TCHESON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1894.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3149\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 AMUEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 DAM }A{\fs16 TCHESON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Veteran of WW1;}
}\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 111.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild111   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3291\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 C}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2949\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 TCHESON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1872, and died 1937.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3292\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 IARMID}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1858, and died 1937.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3292\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3291}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 IARMID}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 AMUEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 IARMID}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1897.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 INLAY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LDON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 IARMID}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1899.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3295\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LLIOT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 ENSON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 IARMID}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1901.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3296\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ESTER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 IARMID}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1904.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3297\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 IARMID}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1905.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3298\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 IARMID}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1906.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3299\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 IARMID}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1914.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 112.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild112   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3316\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AGGIE }J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2949\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 TCHESON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1879, and died 1975.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3318\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LFRED}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CKNIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1879, and died 1922.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3318\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3316}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CKNIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3319\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CKNIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1915; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3320\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ARRISON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 URDOCH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3321\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 OBIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CKNIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1917.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3322\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 AMUEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CKNIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1919.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3323\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REDERICK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CKNIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1921.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 113.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild113   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2671\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2951\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1883, and died May 29, 1952.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4124\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4105\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2200}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born July 23, 1881, and died June 1970.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4124\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: John E. MacNaughton}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (64) John E MacNaughton.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 114.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild114   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo383\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 ANKINE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2951\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born February 25, 1887, and died 1978.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2660\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ERTHA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2762\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3076}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1900, and died 1934.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo383\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2660}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ERTHA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2662\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1920; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo649\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RNOLD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ROSSER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , September 1945.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2663\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1924; d. 1974.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2663\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Did not marry.}
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2664\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ERA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1926; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2667\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKENS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; d. 1994.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2665\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARVEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 1, 1929; m. (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2669\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AUREEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ATCHETT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 LAKEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; m. (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2668\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 NOWLES}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , 1954; d. 1984.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild209 209.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2068\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 AROLD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 9, 1920.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 115.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild115   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2682\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2951\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1895, and died November 25, 1967.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo603\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REEMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo598\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo580}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1890, and died October 20, 1957.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2682\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Barbara E MacLean}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (68) Freeman Maxwell MacNaughton.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 116.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild116   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3952\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 DAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 TCHESON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2951\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1880, and died 1917.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2673\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2762\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3076}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1895, and died 1972.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3952\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 DAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 TCHESON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Adam Atcheson Archie MacLean\par 
Died 2: February 1917, Maine}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3952\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2673}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 DAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3953\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. Abt. 1918; d. March 1932.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 117.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild117   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo384\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2203\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born January 26, 1901 in Black River\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died March 14, 1983.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo396\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  September 4, 1929\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1090\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2268}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born October 7, 1896, and died June 6, 1944 in W.W. II, France\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo384\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo396\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Veteran of WW1; Major with the North Shore (New Brunswick) Regiment, RCIC; killed in Normandy landing on D-Day; a clipping, source and date unknown, reports: "Major Archie MacNaughton  Word came on Monday to Mrs. J. Archie macNaughton, Black river Bridge, that her husband, Major MacNaughton, had been officially reported killed in action.  No details of his whereabouts were given.
\par Major macNaughton was an efficient officer and very popular with his men.  He served in the Fiirst Great War as a private with the 104th Battalion.  During peacetime he followed the occuation of farmer but never lost contact with the militia, attennding Summer camp each year.  He went overseas in July 1941.
\par Major MacNaughton is survived by his wife, the former Grace macNaughton, Black river Bridge; one son, Francis, 14, and a daughter, Margaret, 10; two sisters, Mrs 
\par Charles Neilson and Miss Catherine MacNaughton both of Chatham Head; his stepmother and one half-sister, Miss Helen MacNaughton, Black river Bridge."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo396\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Beny-sur-Mer, France\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (104) John Archibald MacNaughton.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 118.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild118   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo386\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2203\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born November 14, 1904\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died October 5, 1987.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2198\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  August 12, 1931\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He was born April 4, 1900, and died December 14, 1935.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2198\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Killed in auto accident}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2198\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Died 2: November 14, 1935, USA\par 
Burial: \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2198\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo386}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2075\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1934.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild210 210.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2076\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 21, 1932.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 119.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild119   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo387\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2203\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born June 11, 1906\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died April 21, 1992.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo404\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARION}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 ACHAEL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 TEEVES}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  June 29, 1929\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born November 19, 1909, and died April 2, 1997.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo387\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo404}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARION}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 TEEVES}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3573\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1930; d. December 23, 2004.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3573\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Subject: obit - Mable Elspeth MacNaughton
\par 
\par 
\par > 
\par > Monday, December 27, 2004 Back The Halifax Herald Limited
\par > 
\par > MacNAUGHTON, Mable Elspeth
\par > MacNAUGHTON, Mable Elspeth - 74, passed away suddenly in Yarmouth Regional 
\par > Hospital, December 23, 2004. Born in Dalhousie, N.B., she was a daughter of 
\par > the late Gordon and Marion MacNaughton. A graduate of Concordia University, 
\par > Montreal, she was until her retirement, employed with the Public Service of 
\par > Canada in Ottawa, Ont. She was an active member of the Y'ARC, the Yarmouth 
\par > Arts Society, and a strong supporter of Women's Centres in both Yarmouth and 
\par > Vancouver. She is survived by brother, Sidney (Doris) MacNaughton, Yarmouth; 
\par > sister, Bonnie (Tom) Rogers, North Vancouver, B.C. Cremation has taken place 
\par > with a memorial service to be held Tuesday, December 28, at 2 p.m. in 
\par > Sweeny's Funeral Chapel, Yarmouth with Rev. Leslie Robinson officiating. 
\par > Interment in Black River, N.B., at a later date. In lieu of flowers, 
\par > donations may be made to Yarmouth Branch of the SPCA. On-line condolences 
\par }
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3574\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 IDNEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3575\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ORIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ONNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3577\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 OM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 OGERA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 120.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild120   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo391\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ILDRED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2203\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born July 15, 1909 in Black River\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died November 23, 1999 in Fredericton Hospital.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo409\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 AROLD }E{\fs16 MERSON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  July 9, 1926\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3115\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3965}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born November 29, 1906, and died October 2, 1936.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo391\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ILDRED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: November 26, 1999, Black River Cemetery}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo409\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 AROLD }E{\fs16 MERSON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Died of TB in Bathurst Sanatorium}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo409\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo391}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ILDRED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild211 211.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1569\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RASER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 AROLD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 16, 1926; d. December 12, 1998, Fredericton, NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild212 212.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2360\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OYCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 17, 1929.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild213 213.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2361\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1931.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2362\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1933.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 121.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild121   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo389\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UTH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2203\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born March 6, 1911\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died May 14, 1996.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo406\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 EWIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  September 21, 1932\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4143\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4144}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 EWIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AURA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born June 22, 1910, and died June 1, 1980.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo406\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo389}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UTH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 EWIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4254\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 EWIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4255\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ANN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4256\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 EWIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 122.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild122   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo390\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2203\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born August 12, 1912 in Black River\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died September 25, 1987 in Black River, N. B.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo407\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LLIOTT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 OUGLAS }V{\fs16 INCENT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AIL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  July 15, 1936\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He was born March 14, 1912, and died January 18, 1994.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo390\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River Ceme, Black River, N. B.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo407\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo390}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LLIOTT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AIL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo408\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AIL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AIL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. 1937\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. February 20, 1948\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 123.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild123   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 AIG}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ACNAUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3505\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 UNN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1916.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5163\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 URLEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5162\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5163}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ACNAUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 URLEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild214 214.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5164\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ENNIFER}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ACNAUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 124.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild124   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5168\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ACNAUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3505\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 UNN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 YSTEDT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5169\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5168}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ACNAUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 YSTEDT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5170\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 YSTEDT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5171\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 YSTEDT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5172\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 YSTEDT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 YSTEDT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 125.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild125   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3002\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ACK }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5473\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2363\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1891, and died 1962.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3003\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 IOLET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LICE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 REHAUT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1891.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3003\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 IOLET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LICE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 REHAUT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3002\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3003}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 IOLET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 REHAUT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3005\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 OUISE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 1, 1918; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3006\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast D{\fs16 OBLES}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild215 215.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3004\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LDON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1922; d. September 8, 2004.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 126.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild126   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3430\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4124\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4105\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1919, and died 1964.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3431\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 OWARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}N{\fs16 AIRN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1900, and died January 16, 1996.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3431\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3430}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 OWARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}N{\fs16 AIRN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3653\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 HRISTINA }B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}N{\fs16 AIRN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 15, 1953.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 127.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild127   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2827\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ILDRED}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4124\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4105\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2906\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REDERICK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 NOCH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2762\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3076}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1907, and died 1984.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2827\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ILDRED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Mildred Elizabeth MacNaughton}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2906\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2827}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ILDRED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REDERICK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3216\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ERA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3217\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3218\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 IVIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3219\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 LAIR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3222\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ARRY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 128.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild128   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2414\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARION}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo603\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REEMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo598\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}  She married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2687\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RTHUR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OLLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .    She married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3649\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2687\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2414}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARION}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RTHUR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OLLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild216 216.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3647\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RENDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 AREN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OLLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 23, 1951.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild217 217.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1401\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OLLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 23, 1951.\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3649\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2414}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARION}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3650\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 ERNON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 29, 1942.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3651\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 24, 1943.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3652\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 IANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 15, 1947.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 129.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild129   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2550\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5373\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2258\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1908, and died 1944.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3400\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE }F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3397\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3374}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 MILY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1896, and died 1983.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3400\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE }F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Veteran of WW1;}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3400\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2550}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild218 218.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1428\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 6, 1944.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 130.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild130   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2280\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5373\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2258\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born June 3, 1909, and died January 11, 1950.  She married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo994\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ELDON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo570\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo993}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 THEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}T{\fs16 AVISH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born March 30, 1907, and died 1941.  She married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2658\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LDEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born June 5, 1912, and died 1999.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2658\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LDEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Reported in St. Stephens annual report, 1913, as John Alden MacDougall son of MR. and Mrs McK.Hugh MacDougall}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo994\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2280}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild219 219.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo567\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ELDON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 2, 1930.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild220 220.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo886\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 5, 1933.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen9 \ftwlnkchild221 221.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3638\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 21, 1939.\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2658\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2280}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4761\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LDEN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 7, 1948; d. March 9, 2008.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4762\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 UGH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 131.}\ftwancgen8 \ftwancchild131   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2282\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 8} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5373\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2258\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born August 3, 1913, and died May 28, 1998.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2608\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 UBY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3147\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2822}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OSEPH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born July 11, 1909, and died January 19, 1968.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2282\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2608}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2610\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LICE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 5, 1934; d. October 2, 2003.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2611\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 UDREY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 23, 1935; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2617\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 INCLAIR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2612\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 14, 1937; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2618\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 HOMAS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast O{\fs16 '}N{\fs16 EIL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2178\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERTA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 27, 1938; m. (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1009\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EWIS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; b. May 19, 1925; d. May 30, 1967; m. (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2620\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILFRED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ARDINER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2178\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERTA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Mabel Roberta Cameron\par 
Date born 2: February 17, 1938}\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1009\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EWIS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Eldon Watling\par 
Died 2: May 30, 1967}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2614\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 14, 1939; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3527\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TELLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast Q{\fs16 UINTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. June 1, 1935.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2615\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 ERMAIN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 15, 1948; d. June 26, 1972.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 10, 1950; m. (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2621\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 OHNSTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; m. (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3528\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 EITH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 RADINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par 
\pard \f7\fs20\qc\tx360{\i\b Generation No. 9}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 132.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild132   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4329\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo613\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ELBURN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EMUEL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo583\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 YSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1927, and died 2005.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4721\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ADIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 REVORS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4329\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4721}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ADIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 REVORS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4236\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4232\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TEPHEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 133.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild133   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1960\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 RCHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo617\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }L{\fs16 EONE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1910, and died June 15, 1984.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1961\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 .}J{\fs16 .}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1900, and died June 3, 1989 in Cape Breton.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1961\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1960}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 RCHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 .}J{\fs16 .}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1962\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ACK}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1963\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1964\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 EGGY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 134.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild134   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo840\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 EDRIC}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM }E{\fs16 ARL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born February 8, 1919\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died September 6, 1985\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1160\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ILEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  May 12, 1943\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born December 14, 1919\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo840\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1160}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 EDRIC}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ILEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild222 222.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1161\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NGELA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 7, 1944.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild223 223.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1357\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN }E{\fs16 ARLE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 12, 1947.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild224 224.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 HOMAS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 21, 1952.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 HILIP}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 EDRIC}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 30, 1953.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild225 225.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1360\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ICHAEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 18, 1956.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 135.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild135   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo841\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ESLEY }E{\fs16 VERETT}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born February 6, 1921\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died August 1, 2008 in Ontario.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1373\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UDY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATTS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  June 2, 1945.  She was born March 18, 1923.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo841\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1373}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UDY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATTS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1374\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OGER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 8, 1946; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1376\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 LMAS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , September 8, 1973; b. July 8, 1951.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild226 226.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1375\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 IANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 1, 1952.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 136.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild136   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo842\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UBINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}R{\fs16 UBY) }R{\fs16 OSELLA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born February 16, 1922\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1379\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EWIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  November 8, 1941.  He was born February 1, 1903.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1379\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo842}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UBINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EWIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild227 227.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1380\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AWSON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle O{\fs16 SBORNE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 20, 1942.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1381\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle O{\fs16 RVILLE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 13, 1943.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild228 228.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1382\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ARMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 RIAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 3, 1944.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild229 229.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1383\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 LAKE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 22, 1948.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild230 230.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1384\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 AYNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ERLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 27, 1950.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild231 231.\ftwlnkend \tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1385\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AWN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNESTINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 10, 1954.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1386\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ALVIN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 1, 1956.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild232 232.\ftwlnkend \tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1387\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LDEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 RAHAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 2, 1959.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 137.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild137   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo336\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DNA }B{\fs16 ESSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born March 7, 1923 in Point Aux Carr, NB ?\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo299\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANKLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  January 27, 1944 in Glendenning's, Little Branch, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo292\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LMER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born December 14, 1919 in Black River , NB ?\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died June 21, 1986 in Black River, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo336\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DNA }B{\fs16 ESSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
John met Mary when she attended a service at St. Paul's with her cousin, Millie MacDonald.  He took Mary back to Point Aux Carr that night.  John and Mary were married at the Branch on January 27, 1944 and lived at the Branch for a while.  The day of, or day before, the wedding, John went in town to do some last minute shopping.  It was raining and the roads were icy.  An RCMP vehicle went through a stop sign and clipped John's truck.  
\par 
\par Mary grew up and went to school in Point Aux Carr, she also attended Sunday school which was held in the school.  As part of a large family, Mary took her turn doing all of the chores including those in the barn as well as the house.
\par 
\par Mary was a true partner with john in running their country store; John opened the store about 6:00 am while Mary got breakfast; john went in for breakfast about 8 and Mary took over in the store.  It was a full-time job for both of them.
\par 
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo336\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DNA }B{\fs16 ESSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Education: Point Aux Carr, NB\par 
Nationality: Canadian\par 
Occupation: Home maker and store operator\par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo299\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANKLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
John was born at Little Branch shortly after the family returned to Canada.  He attended the Little Branch School probably for 7 or 8 years, and then he worked on the farm.  Dad had not been well for a number of years so Walter and John did the farm work.   
\par 
\par John and Walter hauled fish from Hardwicke to Chatham, cut hardwood on the "ridge" and delivered it to Loggieville and Chatham.  One day they would go to Hardwicke or Baie St. Anne (including Fred Savoie's) and bring fish back to the Branch; the next day, they delivered the fish to Chatham for $5.00 per ton (two box-sled loads).  They went to the woods and cut and split a cord of hardwood and the next day delivered it to Loggieville or Chatham for $5.00 including the cost of the wood.   
\par 
\par John worked hard and put in long hours.  He expected others to do their bit whether it was bringing in the wood for the stove, doing barn chores, going to the woods in winter, making hay in summer, etc.  It was expected and you did it.  But he was also very generous to people needing help.    
\par 
\par In the late 1930's John, along with some other young men from Black River including Tom Harper, Theodore Fowlie, took an agricultural course in Newcastle.  The course included practical farm mechanics, agriculture, book keeping, general mechanics and woodworking.  As part of the course, John made a beautiful birch desk, which he finished in walnut.  I also remember that he learned a new technique for killing chickens.  I believe that it was then or shortly thereafter, that John rigged up a wind generator on the roof of the barn which would charge a battery and provide light.
\par 
\par One winter, November I believe, he and Brydone Weeks (Brydone was home on leave, probably before he went overseas) built a tractor out of an Oakland front end (a car that belonged to Alex MacDonald) and a Godferson rear end (a truck used by the A&R Loggie Co) - and they did this in Walter's old shed without the aid of welding and cutting equipment (or heat). The tractor had two transmissions.  The tractor was very powerful but the too heavy for soft ground.
\par 
\par During the winter of 1945-46, and perhaps winters previous to this, John, Ken and Norm all worked in the woods for Hubert Matchett of Sunny Corner.  They would be gone all week and I did the barn work.
\par 
\par As a young lad going on 17, I went to work on the boats in Chatham loading pulp and pit props.  (I am sure that I got my first job based on the reputation of John, Ken and Norm.)  One day we were storing 8-foot props down in the hold.  They are heavy enough anyway but these were also moldy; I was struggling and John knew it.  John said, "Let me take that one, Donald".  And it happened many times.  
\par 
\par For a number of years John went from farm to farm along the Miramichi pressing hay, first with a horse powered hay press but later with a press operated off a tractor.  (When pressing hay at home, it was my job to keep the horse moving and to prevent it from grabbing at the hay when it went past the end of the bundle.)  Bundles of hay weighed between 80 to 120 pounds.  John worked all around Black River, Napan, Barnaby River, Cains River, etc.  For a number of years, John owned a 3-ton Dodge truck, which I believe he bought from Hubert Matchett, and trucked pulp, pit props, gravel, lime, fertilizer, hay and Christmas trees.
\par 
\par 
\par In 1946-47 John and Mary built a new house on the Bob MacLean property and in the spring of 1948 opened a store in their living room.  In 1968 they built a new store nearer the road and put in gas tanks.  John was very entrepreneurial selling groceries, flour, feed, plumbing, furnaces and anything else to make a buck.
\par 
\par John received his call for military service and, I believe, went to Fredericton for a physical.  He had very poor eyesight and was turned down.  He probably would not have had to serve anyway, because farming was an essential service and he was needed at home.  Ken and Norm were already in the Service and I was too young to take over the responsibility of farming.  
\par 
\par When Ken and Norm were in the service, I was the only one around to help with the farm work.  Since Dad died when I was very young, you might say that I learned to work under John's direction.  I recall going to the woods in the winter, sitting on the bob-sled and on the load of wood on the way home, building loads of loose hay and poisoning potato bugs early in the morning to take advantage of heavy dew.  John was the only one of the boys who would sing while driving to and from the fields or woods - I especially remember him singing familiar hymns.
\par 
\par Many of the older people in Black River will remember the 1939 Ford half-ton truck that, as I recall, John purchased from Bonnie Flanagan.  It was a far cry from the old Model A.  The truck had wooden cab on the back and John would take people to town on Saturday night when the stores were open.  There could be a 10-12 people in the back.  I think that he charged one dollar.  The last thing before leaving town, he would drive up Water Street and past Ben's Canteen to see if anyone needed a lift home.  
\par 
\par John and Mary liked to visit family and friends around the Miramichi and Bathurst.  John and Mary, with Margaret and Jeannie, made their first trip to Florida over Christmas of 1958.  Carol and I went with them to help with the driving.  Later, they managed to visit Florida for a month most winters always stopping to see family and friend in Florida and on the way.  When our children were small and we visited Black River, John always had gave the kids a candy or some change just as we were about to drive away.
\par 
\par I did not find an obituary, however, The Moncton Times of  Monday, June 23, 1986 carried the following: 
\par  "Black River Bridge couple beaten
\par Man dead, wife hurt in robbery
\par BLACK RIVER BRIDGE (Special)  An elderly  Black River Bridge man is dead and his wife is in serious but stable condition following what police suspect was a robbery attempt at the couple's home late Saturday.  John F. Glendenning, a local grocer, was pronounced dead on arrival at hospital, while his wife, Mary, remains in stable condition  at Chatham's Hotelo Dieu Hospital.
\par Both are believed to have been victims of a beating by "several" persons.
\par Police are saying little about the attack, but confirm several persons were questioned late Sunday before  being released. Robbery is presumed to be the motive for the attack at this point of the investigation.
\par Mary Glendenning, 62, was apparently tied up by her assailants but managed to free herself to  telephone for help.  No one else was in the house at the time.
\par The attack occurred sometime between 10 pm.and midnight Saturday.  The Glendenning's store adjacent to the house wasn't broken into, according to one family member. 
\par Newcastle RCMP are being assisted by General Investigation Section officers from Moncton, RCMP subdivision.  Black River Bridge is about 10 miles from Chatham.
\par Born in Black River Bridge, Glendenning was the son of the late Elmer and Jane E. (Watling) Glendenning  He was a grocer and farmer, a member of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church, Black River and an active member of the Black River Community Hall.
\par Besides his wife, the former Mary E. Watling of Point au Carr, he is survived by two daughters, Mrs. Aubrey Gibson (Margaret) of Black River Bridge, Mrs Ray Williston, (Jeannie)  of Moncton; three sisters, Mrs Roy Smith (Grace) of Boston, Mass., Mrs Brydone Weeks (Lillian) of Harvey Station, Mrs Cameron Russell, (Venetia) of Point au Carr; four brothers, Walter of Moncton, Kenneth of Centre Napan, Norman of Black River Bridge, Dr. Donald of Charlottetown, P.E.I.; four grndchildren; several nieces and nephews.
\par The body will be at Adams Funeral Home, Chatham after 7 p.m. Tuesday.  Funeral service will be at St. Paul's Presbyterian Church at a day and time to be announced. Burial will be in Black River Cemetery".}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo299\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANKLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Church, Community Hall, \par 
Baptism: St. Stephens Presbyterian Church ?\par 
Burial: June 26, 1986, Black River Cemetery,  Black River, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Education: Little Branch School, NB; winter program at Harkins High, Newcastle\par 
Met spouse: Mary went to a function with her cousin, Millie MacDonald, John took her back to Point Aux Carr\par 
Nationality: Canadian\par 
Occupation: Farmer, owned a country store and general entrepreneur\par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo299\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo336}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild233 233.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo157\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 IRGINIA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 10, 1944; d. May 28, 2006, Black River Cemetery, Black River, NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo337\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANKLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. August 21, 1945\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. September 5, 1954\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo337\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANKLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
An undated clipping probably from the Chatham Gazette, includes the following item:
\par "Frankie Glendenning
\par The death of Frankie Glendenning, son of John and Mrs John Glendenning, of Black river Bridge, occurred early this week at his home.  He was nine years of age, and had been in ill health for the past month,
\par In addition to his parents he is survived by two sisters, Margaret and Jeanie.
\par The funeral was held from his home with service conducted by Rev. R. W. Ross, and interment made in Black River cemetery."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo337\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANKLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River Cemetery, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Christening: October 28, 1945, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild234 234.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 15, 1946.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo338\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. February 21, 1952\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. February 24, 1952\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo338\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
An undated newspaper clipping believe to be from the Chatham Gazette, reports
\par 
\par "GEORGE MAXWELL GLENDENNING  "On Sunday, February 24th, at 2 the funeral of George Maxwell, infant son of Mary and John Glendenning was held from their home at Black River Bridge.
\par Rev. Fraser Dunbar, minister of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church  conducted the service.  The hymns sung were, When He Cometh to Make up his Jewels also Jesus Loves Me.  
\par Burial was in Black River Cemetery.  Pallbearers were uncles of the little one.  
\par Besides his parents, he leaves to mourn two sisters, Margaret and Jean and brother Frankie."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo338\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River Cemetery, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 138.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild138   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo843\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }M{\fs16 ERLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born May 8, 1924\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1406\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 CYPHINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REEN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  January 18, 1947.    He married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1416\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 LARKE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  June 7, 1951.  She was born January 10, 1931.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo843\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1406}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 CYPHINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REEN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild235 235.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1407\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 14, 1947.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild236 236.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1408\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 3, 1949.\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo843\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1416}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 LARKE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild237 237.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1417\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ANDRA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 29, 1951.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1418\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HARON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 29, 1963; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1423\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 IM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 TEWARD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , May 31, 1986.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 139.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild139   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo844\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ENEVA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DITH }V{\fs16 IOLA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born October 20, 1925\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1424\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 WEEZEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  February 14, 1947.  He was born September 28, 1924, and died October 3, 2006.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1424\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo844}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ENEVA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 WEEZEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild238 238.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1425\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ARMEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DITH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 WEEZEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 23, 1947.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild239 239.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1426\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ALE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERTA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 WEEZEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 20, 1950.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild240 240.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1427\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ONITA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 WEEZEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 30, 1959.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 140.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild140   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo845\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AWRENCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born July 3, 1927.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1436\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ILLIKKER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  September 7, 1957.  She was born April 12, 1935.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo845\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1436}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AWRENCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ILLIKKER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild241 241.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1437\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RANT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 AWRENCE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 9, 1959.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1438\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEPHEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 7, 1962.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1439\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 18, 1964.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1440\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AURIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EFFERY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 23, 1967.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 141.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild141   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo846\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ADIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }L{\fs16 EONA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born August 26, 1929\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1443\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ATHEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ESKETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}L{\fs16 ENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  December 21, 1949, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo925\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo914}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ATHAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}L{\fs16 ENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born June 27, 1920, and died September 13, 2008.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1443\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo846}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ADIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ATHEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}L{\fs16 ENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild242 242.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1444\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ATHEN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 6, 1950.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild243 243.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1445\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 INDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 7, 1951.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild244 244.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1446\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ENDALL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 6, 1953.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild245 245.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1447\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 24, 1954.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild246 246.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1448\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 UDREY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARGARET }C{\fs16 LARA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 13, 1955.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1449\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 5, 1957; d. May 11, 1958.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1450\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 1, 1959.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1451\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ERI}L{\fs16 EE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 142.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild142   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo26\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born October 31, 1930 in Point Aux Carr, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo25\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 ETERS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  September 27, 1951 in Calvin Pres. Ch., Chatham, N. B.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo292\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LMER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born December 31, 1925 in Black River Br., N. B.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo26\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Jean was born in Point Aux Carr and attended the Point Aux Carr school.  As a member of a large family, Jean did her share of house and farm work.
\par 
\par Norman and Jean are active in their community and are members of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church; Jean has been a member of the woman's Missionary society for more than 40 years and Norman is a Trustee.
\par 
\par At age 59, she got her first drivers license and often drives her sister, Mary, to Point Aux Carr for a few days in Mary's cottage - especially when other family members are home.  Their home and their camp are the scene of family gatherings especially on holiday weekends
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo26\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Church, \par 
Education: Point Aux Carr, NB\par 
Nationality: Canadian\par 
Occupation: Home maker\par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo25\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 ETERS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Norm was born on New Year's Eve, 1925, however, when the birth was registered; it was given as December 31, 1926.  Grandmother Glendenning was a Peters hence his second name.   According to Lillian, Mum and Dad had difficulty deciding between the names Norman and Robert. 
\par 
\par Norman attended the Little Branch School, classes in the Anglican Church in Bay du Vin and the Miramichi Rural High School.  Before school bus service was established, Norm used to take a horse to Bay du Vin, and later Bayside, picking up other students along the way.  The horse was stabled for the day in either Goymer Williston's or Harrison Smith's barn.  
\par 
\par At age 18, he enlisted in the army and found himself in the RCEME being sent first to Camp Utopia outside Saint John, New Brunswick and later to Woodstock, Ontario and Longueil, Quebec.
\par 
\par Norm was a good skater and a good dancer, and usually took me along when I first started going to dances in 1946. I also remember working with Norm at the hay; in the woods on cold and snowy Saturdays; butchering and peddling meat; shearing and dipping sheep and whatever else needed to be done.  
\par 
\par Among Norm's stories is one about Wallace MacDonald throwing a peavey at him and Edwin Adams, trips on icy roads up river with Mr. Harper to tend to a sick horse and the first time he drove a vehicle with airbrakes.
\par 
\par Norman married Jean Watling from Point Aux Carr.  Alton and Eric now operate the farm although Norm continues to "supervise" and run errands; most every day he makes a trip to Miramichi City.  Branchview, the Glendenning farm, is the largest farm east of Miramichi and one of the largest in the Miramichi area.  Branchview has been the recipient of a number of awards.  
\par 
\par Norman and Jean always welcome family to the old family home providing a place at the table for children, siblings, grandchildren, nephews and nieces alike.  He always tells visiting children where the kittens were and offers to give them one to take home.  Many young people of the community earned some money and learned important work habits while working on the farm with Norman and the "boys".  
\par 
\par Norm's early years were filled with long evenings of farm chores on top of full days driving truck for Alfred MacDonald or with John pressing hay.   
\par 
\par   For a number of years Norman served as a trustee of the Black River Community Hall including during a major renovation in the 1960's and reconstruction in the 1970''s; was a director of Agricultural Society #103 and was a Director of the Northumberland Cooperative Dairy.  He participates in local political meetings.  Although not one to travel, in "retirement" he takes time to visit neighbours and friends around Black River.
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo25\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 ETERS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Church, Community Hall, Northumberland Cooperative, family gatherings\par 
Baptism: June 14, 1926, St. Pauls Presbyterian Church, Black River ?\par 
Education: Little Branch, Miramichi Rural Hign,\par 
Met spouse: Abt. 1950, Dance at Mel Adams, Bayside\par 
Military service: Bet. 1944 - 1945, #          , RCEME, Utopia, Woodstock, Ont, and\par 
Nationality: Canadian\par 
Occupation: Aft. 1945, Dairy Farmer, truck driver.\par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo25\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo26}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo27\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 ILEEN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. May 19, 1952, Chatham, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo27\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 ILEEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: October 12, 1952, St. Paul's Pres., Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild247 247.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo28\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UDITH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 21, 1953, Newcastle, NB; d. February 3, 2000.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo29\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LTON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LMER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. January 19, 1955, Chatham, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5534\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , August 15, 2009, St. Paul's Presbyterian Church, Black River Bridge , New Brunswick.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo29\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LTON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LMER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: January 29, 1956, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild248 248.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo30\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 OISANNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 19, 1960, Miramichi Hosp, Newcastle, New Brunswick.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild249 249.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo31\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RIC}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 26, 1965, Miramichi Hosp, Newcastle, New Brunswick.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 143.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild143   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo847\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ERBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born December 10, 1932\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died June 5, 1965.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1470\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 AZEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  September 27, 1951, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2340\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2331}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born August 29, 1930.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo847\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1470}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 AZEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild250 250.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1471\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 EVERLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 2, 1952.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild251 251.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1472\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 29, 1954.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1473\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RENT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 3, 1959.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 144.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild144   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo848\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 LARENCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ORRISON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born August 11, 1934\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1479\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENCHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  June 12, 1954.  She was born May 27, 1934.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo848\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1479}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 LARENCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENCHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1480\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RADLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 21, 1956.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild252 252.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1481\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 LARENCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 1, 1958.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1482\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARIE }C{\fs16 LARA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 18, 1963.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 145.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild145   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo849\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RTHUR }L{\fs16 LOYD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born February 3, 1936\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1486\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 IGONNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ENAUD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  October 19, 1957.  She was born October 5, 1929.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo849\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1486}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 IGONNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ENAUD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1487\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 AIL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 LARA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 16, 1959; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1491\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 EN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 EDDER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , July 26, 1980; b. May 15, 1953.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1488\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ICHELLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 MMA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 20, 1961.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1489\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 9, 1965; d. November 9, 1965.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1490\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RTHUR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 30, 1967.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 146.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild146   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo850\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst O{\fs16 SBORNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ANFORD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born July 13, 1937\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1492\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  August 31, 1957.  She was born August 3, 1938.  He married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1499\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ITA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 E}R{\fs16 OY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ARTIN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  March 30, 1985.  She was born September 5, 1932.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo850\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1492}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst O{\fs16 SBORNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild253 253.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1493\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HERYL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 25, 1958.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1494\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 24, 1963; d. March 19, 1964.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1495\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 AUL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle O{\fs16 SBORNE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 15, 1965.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 147.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild147   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1352\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born October 28, 1940.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1500\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 RISCOLL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  September 23, 1961.  She was born April 20, 1943.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1352\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1500}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 RISCOLL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1501\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ENEE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 8, 1963; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1504\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 L}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 UNTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , May 18, 1985; b. February 20, 1939.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1502\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 6, 1964.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1503\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ICHARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 15, 1968.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 148.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild148   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 INFIELD}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born September 9, 1944.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1354\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 ANGILLE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  July 13, 1963.  She was born March 24, 1945.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1353\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1354}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 INFIELD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 ANGILLE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1355\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ICHAEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 16, 1964.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1356\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ASON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 17, 1978.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 149.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild149   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2334\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 ARLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DGAR}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2327\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 HRISTENA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5861\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1035\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2336\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 OODS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3580\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast B{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2334\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 ARLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DGAR}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Raised by William and Agnes as their son}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2334\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2336}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 ARLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 OODS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild254 254.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2337\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 OODS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 150.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild150   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1470\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 AZEL}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2331\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5861\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1035\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born August 29, 1930.  She married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3438\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .    She married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo847\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ERBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  September 27, 1951, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo852}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 LARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born December 10, 1932\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died June 5, 1965.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (143) James Herbert Watling.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 151.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild151   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1034\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ERLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDRA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo560\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo365\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}K{\fs16 ATE)}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born November 11, 1916\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1211\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He was born October 18, 1914, and died August 29, 2004.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1211\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1034}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ERLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild255 255.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2123\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2124\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2125\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2126\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 VAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 152.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild152   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1018\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 AN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2484\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo365\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}K{\fs16 ATE)}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born October 16, 1934.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo886\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo994\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2280}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born January 5, 1933.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo886\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1018}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 AN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild256 256.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5374\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 EGGY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1955.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5375\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1962.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild257 257.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5376\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1962.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5377\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EFFERY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1970; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5781\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 IMBERLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ICHARD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1974.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 153.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild153   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1019\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2484\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo365\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}K{\fs16 ATE)}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4925\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LBY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONNOLLY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1925, and died August 4, 2008.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4925\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LBY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONNOLLY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River Cemetery}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4925\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1019}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LBY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONNOLLY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4926\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RIAN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONNOLLY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4927\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RANT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONNOLLY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4928\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARVEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONNOLLY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 154.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild154   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3234\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 RENUS}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo376\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born July 12, 1896 in Newcastle, NB, and died July 7, 1971 in Niagara Falls, Ontario.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo438\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERTRUDE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 SABELL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2585\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2406}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 UGH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born December 19, 1897, and died in Niagara Falls, Ontario.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3234\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 RENUS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Veteran of WW1;"D" Company of the 104th Bttn; }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3234\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 RENUS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Baptism: St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church, Black River\par 
Burial: Chippewa\par 
Military service: WW1\par 
Occupation: Farming\par 
School(s): Little Branch\par 
Service No.: #}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3234\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo438}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERTRUDE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3233\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 ORNA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 4, 1925.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild258 258.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo431\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ERA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 EA }C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 6, 1927.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3235\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 11, 1939; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5538\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HERMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast Z{\fs16 AVITZ}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 155.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild155   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo433\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 ERTRUDE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo376\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born March 31, 1898 in LDS says 1902\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died 1932\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo440\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 ED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HASE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo433\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 ERTRUDE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Or March 31, 1899; }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo433\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 ERTRUDE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: 1932, Black River Cemetery}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo440\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo433}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 ED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HASE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild259 259.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2030\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ARTLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 RVING }A{\fs16 DOPTED}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HASE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 30, 1922, Loggieville, N.B; d. Australia.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 156.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild156   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo432\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo376\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born September 17, 1900 in Loggieville, NB, and died March 24, 1964 in Niagara Falls, Ontario.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo439\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 AZEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3946\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born January 31, 1905, and died in Niagara Falls, Ontario.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo432\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo439}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 AZEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4258\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 YRON}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 6, 1924; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4263\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OWARD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. May 31, 1927.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4259\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 IVIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 29, 1925; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4264\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ROWN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. October 10, 1925.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4260\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 VY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 24, 1926; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4265\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ODMAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. August 26, 1923.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild260 260.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4261\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ORNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 157.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild157   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo434\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo376\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born August 9, 1908 in Loggieville, NB, and died March 27, 1948 in Hotel Dieu Hospital, Chatham\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo441\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 HELMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast Y{\fs16 OUNG}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  in Loggieville, NB, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3106\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3107}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst O{\fs16 SWALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast Y{\fs16 OUNG}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ASTERTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo434\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Died as a result of an accident while working on a power line.}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo434\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Norman MacKenzie\par 
Burial: Riverside Cemetery, Chatham, NB}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo441\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 HELMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast Y{\fs16 OUNG}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Thelma G Young\par 
Burial: Chatham, NB}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo434\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo441}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 HELMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast Y{\fs16 OUNG}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1234\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 EVANS}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 158.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild158   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo435\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DITH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 ARRON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo376\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born October 11, 1912 in Loggieville, NB, and died March 8, 2000 in Jacksonville, Florida.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo442\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 AT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 CHICKEL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  in Waltham, Mass. USA.  He died March 17, 2001.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo435\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DITH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 ARRON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Named after Edith (Barron) Watling; had a child born March 5, 1937, Ian David, prior to being married; Ian was adopted by a family named Keith, is married to Mary Lou and they have three sons, David, Jeff and Peter.; living in Shediac in 2009; }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo442\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo435}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DITH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 CHICKEL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1231\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AKE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 CHICKEL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1601\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AROL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1231\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AKE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 CHICKEL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Has two sons}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1231\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AKE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 CHICKEL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Occupation: Attorney}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1232\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 INA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 CHICKEL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1233\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 ASLO}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1232\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 INA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 CHICKEL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Has one son and two daughters}
}\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 159.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild159   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo444\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LBRIDGE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo378\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born November 24, 1913 in Augusta, Georgia, USA\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died December 13, 2006.  He married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo445\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AILA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 AIMI}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 NDERSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  July 21, 1935\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born December 16, 1913 in Newport, NH, and died September 1988 in Newport, NH.  He married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1003\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}N{\fs16 EIMI)}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast {\fs16 (}A{\fs16 NDERSON)}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  March 5, 1994.  She died October 2004.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo444\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LBRIDGE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
From grannddaughter Tina Newton:
\par 
\par "Newport, NH: George Elbridge Watling, 93, passed away at the Woodlawn Nursing Home, Wednesday, December 13, 2006
\par George was born to J. Geoerge and Emma (Ronan) Watling on November 24, 1913 in Augusta, GA. In 1919 he moved with his family to this area and grew up in Grantham and Newport attending school and graduating from Newport.  He was employed at the Gordon Woolen Mill for 10 years and at the Dorr Woolen Mill for 25 years prior to his retirement in 1984.  He was a WWII Naval Veteran and a long standing member of the Odd Fellows, the American Legion and the South Congregational Church.
\par Survivors include two daughters: Christine Newton of Colorado Springs, CO, and Sarah Jane Gunzinger of Perkinsville, VT, 2 grandchildren and several nieces and nephews.  George was predeceased by his firs wife Laila (Anderson) who passed away in 1988 and his second wife Helen (Neimi) Hokkanen whom he married in 1994.  Helen passed away in October of 2004.  A graveside service will take place in the spring.  Thhere will be no calling hours or service at this time.  Memorial donations may be made to the Newport Senior Cemter."
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo444\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LBRIDGE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Pinegrove Cemetery, Newport, NH}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo445\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AILA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 AIMI}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 NDERSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Pinegrove Cemetery, Newport, NH}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo444\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo445}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AILA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 NDERSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild261 261.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1596\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 22, 1940.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1597\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 23, 1944; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1970\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 UNZINGER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , September 24, 1974; b. Brattleboro, Vt.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1597\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Lives about 15 miles from her father}
}\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 160.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild160   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo448\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }A{\fs16 DOPTED}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo379\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born July 7, 1914\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died 1988.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo651\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 INNIFRED}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1219\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo936}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARION}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born August 23, 1923, and died July 29, 2001.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo448\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }A{\fs16 DOPTED}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Alex was thew son of Frank Newton and Annie Jane Millsadopted by John and Janet(Watling) Godfrey.  His mother died young leaving 7 children.  The children were raised in different homes around Bay du Vin and Black River.  Tombstone shows birth 1916}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo448\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }A{\fs16 DOPTED}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Alexander Newton}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo448\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo651}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild262 262.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo457\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 4, 1942.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild263 263.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2065\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 12, 1946.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild264 264.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo458\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LLIOT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 5, 1948.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild265 265.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo459\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROLYN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 20, 1951.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild266 266.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo460\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARION}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 STHER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 26, 1952.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 161.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild161   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo447\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo379\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born August 22, 1913\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died December 26, 1989.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo449\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TERLING}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  January 4, 1933\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4001\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast WILLISTON\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born August 12, 1909, and died 1972.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo449\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo447}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TERLING}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild267 267.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo450\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 ERTRUDE }A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 22, 1933.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 162.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild162   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo680\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 ICTOR }T{\fs16 AINTER (}A{\fs16 DOPTED)}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo380\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born March 14, 1917 in Swans Island, Maine, and died Bef. 2006.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4954\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst O{\fs16 LIVE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 IVIAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OLSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  September 2, 1939.  She was born in Hampden, Maine.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo680\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 ICTOR }T{\fs16 AINTER (}A{\fs16 DOPTED)}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
A search of Watling Swans Island led to 
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Fifth Generation
\par Ernest Victor (Tainter) Watling  (son of Blanchard G. Tainter and Alda Lucy (Elda) Smith) was born on March 14 1917 in Swans Island, Hancock County, Maine, USA.  He was adopted.  Raised by cousin Erdine Kent and husband Jack Watling following parents death from 1918 flu.  Goes by name of 'Ernest Watling'.  Lived at Rockland.  Mary Louise Burns and Ernest victor (Tainter Watling had the following children: Carolyn Williams (Ed: Believed to be adopted) }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo680\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4954}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst O{\fs16 LIVE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OLSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4956\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 .}T{\fs16  (}J{\fs16 R)}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5943\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 EENA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 ELLE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5950\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 LOYD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 .}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 ELSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , November 1958.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5944\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 OUISE }A{\fs16 NN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5949\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LTON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 .}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 ORD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , June 1963.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5945\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 UDREY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 IVIAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5948\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 ICE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 ALLOCH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , June 1966.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5946\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AQUELINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LDIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1952; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5951\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst U{\fs16 NKNOWN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5947\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ENNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5952\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 IULBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 .}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ARPER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 163.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild163   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo463\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo381\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born June 14, 1920\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo468\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ASTERSON }A{\fs16 LVIN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast Y{\fs16 OUNG}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  December 9, 1939 in Black River\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3106\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3107}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst O{\fs16 SWALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast Y{\fs16 OUNG}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ASTERTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born August 24, 1917, and died October 24, 1992.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo468\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo463}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast Y{\fs16 OUNG}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo469\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LVIN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast Y{\fs16 OUNG}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. September 23, 1940; d. 1975.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild268 268.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo470\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast Y{\fs16 OUNG}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1950.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 164.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild164   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo464\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 INFIELD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo381\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born May 19, 1923\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died October 8, 1986.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo471\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 IGGS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  April 2, 1949\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born May 18, 1926, and died December 8, 2002.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo464\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 INFIELD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Worked for Eastern hay and Feed, later Atlantic wholesalers, before entering the service.}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo464\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo471}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 INFIELD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 IGGS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2226\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 EVERLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 ATRICIA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1949.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2227\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1952.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2228\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OANNE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1953.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2229\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RUCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 INFIELD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1955.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2230\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UDITH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1958.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2231\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 LAIR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 LOYD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1960.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2232\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HAWN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 ILEEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1964.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 165.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild165   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo465\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo381\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born February 6, 1926\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo472\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  February 22, 1947\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo770\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3180}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LDRED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AUDE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born May 10, 1924.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo465\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo472}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo473\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ARLENE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. 1947.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo474\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ALPH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. 1949.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 166.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild166   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo466\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo381\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born August 11, 1928\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo475\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UBY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 RAHAM}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  September 23, 1954\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3813\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3814}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TANLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 RAHAM}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born October 19, 1932.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo466\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo475}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UBY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 RAHAM}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo476\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 EBORAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. 1955.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo477\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ANA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. 1965.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 167.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild167   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo467\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle N{\fs16 EIL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo381\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born February 26, 1938\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo478\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  February 26, 1960\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2813\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo954}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1941.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo467\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo478}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild269 269.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo479\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ORRIE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild270 270.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo480\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild271 271.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo481\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 10, 1964.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo482\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. March 22, 1967.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 168.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild168   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo84\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born September 23, 1911 in Parksville, Tennessee, USA\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died August 9, 1991 in Winthrop, Mass. U. S. A.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo43\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EROY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ORRISON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  August 26, 1936 in St. Pauls Presbyterian Church, Black River, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1102\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1096}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ORRISON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born June 22, 1908 in Malden, USA\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died October 2, 1985 in Malden, Mass., USA\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo84\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Lillian said that Grace attended Armstrong School in Parksville, Tenn
\par 
\par Grace was the oldest in the family and was born in Parksville, Tennessee.  Dad and Mum had set up housekeeping there in February 1911 where Dad worked on Ocoee #1, the first of three dams build on the Ocoee River.  Aunt Janet had journeyed to Parksville to be with Mum when Grace was born.  
\par 
\par  When Grace was young, Dad and Mum moved from construction site to construction site in the US and, presumably, Grace attended school wherever she was; one school was the Armstrong School but I am not sure if it was in Connecticut or Virginia.  The family returned to NB in 1919 and, again, presumably Grace attended the Little Branch School.  Later she attended Success Business College in Moncton, NB where she took a business program.  While she made good marks, apparently she did not like the program.  It was when returning from Business College with Grace, that Dad upset the Model T at Gilbert's Corner, near Shediac.  Grace broke her wrist but even so, went to a dance in the Little Branch School that night.
\par 
\par Like so many other Maritimers, Grace went to Boston to work, probably in 1930 and worked for various families caring for children and likely cooking.  . On her first trip, she traveled with Mrs. F. A. Fowlie and Ernest MacLean who were going to Lowell, Mass to visit relatives.  She may have she stayed for a while with Dad's cousin, Sam Knowles.  At one time she lived at 1595 Beacon Street, Beverley, Mass. She frequently visited her Uncle Jack Watling in Boston and later when he lived on Swan's Island near Eastport, Maine.  Grace returned regularly to Little Branch for the summer coming sometimes by steamer from Boston to Saint John, NB.  (I believe that the fare to Saint John was $10.00)  In 1947, when I left home for Teachers' College in Fredericton, I inherited Grace's steamer trunk - and it carried my belongings on a number of later trips.
\par 
\par As a young woman in Little Branch and later in Boston, Grace loved to square dance; Lillian said that the night she landed in Boston in 1933, she went to a dance with Grace.  Perhaps that is where she met Roy Morrison Smith (1908-1985).   Roy, I believe, preferred to round dance.   She and Roy were married in St. Paul's Presbyterian Church on August 26, 1936.  In 1936, Walter, Dad, Elinor and I drove to Boston to bring Grace home.    After marriage, Grace and Roy lived with Roy's mother in Saugus, Mass, later moving to 23 Spring Street in Malden. While in Saugus, Grace worked for Chisholm's Motel on Route 1.   One evening while standing on the sidewalk near her home in Malden talking to a neighbour, a man came along, knocked her off her feet and stole her purse.  
\par 
\par 
\par Grace, Roy and family were frequent visitors to Little Branch and even when they could not come, their children made the trip.  My recollection is that Barbara and Lawrence spent 16 consecutive summers with their Grandmother at Little Branch.  Often they came by train but also frequently traveled with expatriate New Brunswick folk who were visiting family in the Miramichi.  I can remember being wakened in the middle of the night when Grace arrived home.  She had brought some clothes for me and wanted to see them on me.  The story is told that one summer when Grace was home and helping with the cooking and Ken was a toddler, Grace would jam Ken's dress in the pantry door in order to keep him out of her way.  In later years, Grace frequently landed home carrying shopping bags with fresh tomatoes from Roy's garden, bagels for Jean MacKenzie and the usual things for family members.  
\par 
\par Grace had extraordinary eyesight. While walking through a field she could reach down and pick a four leaf clover. One time she entered a contest, which required her to count the dots in a picture of a TV.  She won, and then decided she should count the dots again in case she was asked the number at the presentation ceremony.  I know that she also won other contests but cannot recall which ones.  As a youngster, I can recall going with Grace and others to pick blueberries and raspberries and of walking through the fields.  I am not sure if we were going somewhere or just for a walk. 
\par Although she left New Brunswick as a young woman, she did not lose interest in family, friends or the community.  She subscribed to the Chatham Gazette for many years and was well informed about activities among her extended family. She was proud of her family, fiercely loyal, generous to a fault and she and Roy always welcomed and provided shelter for the many visiting family members.  She was quick to arrange for visitors to see the Museum of Science, visit down town Boston, see the Saugus Iron works, etc.  
\par 
\par During her later years Grace had a form of multiple sclerosis and had difficulty walking.  She then moved to Cliffside Nursing Home and Winthrop, Mass.  She is buried in the Black River Cemetery.
\par 
\par The Moncton times of August 10, 1991 carried the following:
\par 
\par "Mrs. Grace E Smith, 80 of Malden, Mass., and formerly of Black River Bridge, died Thursday in Malden following a lengthy illness.
\par Born in Blalck River Bridge, she wqas a daughter of the late Elmer A. and Jane (Watling) Glendenning.  She was a former member of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church, Black river Bridge.
\par She is survived by one daughter, Mrs John Coppla (Barbara) of Malden; one son, Lorne, of Malden; two sisters, Mrs Bydeone Weelss (Lillian) of Stanley, and Mrs. Cameron russell (Venetia)  of Pt. au Cair, four brothers, Walter of Moncton, Kenneth of Centre Napan, Norman of Black River Bridge and Dr. Donald of Charlottetwon, P.E.I.; seven granndchildren and a number of nieces and nephews.
\par She was predeceased by her husband, Roy, in 1985 and by a brother, Joh
\par The body is at Adams Funeral Home, Chatham.  Funeral arrangements will be announced.  Interment will be in Black River Cemetery."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo84\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Enjoyed dancing as a young girl; enjoyed doing puzzles\par 
Burial: Black River Cemetery, Black River, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Education: Little Branch School, NB; Success Business College, Moncton\par 
Emigration: Born in USA, moved to Canada with family in 1914, movedback to USA with family in 1916, returned to vanada with family in 1919, moved permanently to USA about 1929\par 
Met spouse: Abt. 1933, Probably at a dance in Boston;\par 
Nationality: US citizen\par 
Occupation: A nanny in Boston area; a home maker; Chisholm's Motel, Saugus, Mass\par 
Other: Moved to a nursing home in Winthrop, Mass. when she could no longer look after herself at home.\par 
Religion: Raised Presbyterian\par 
Residence: Spring St., Malden; moved to nursing home in Winthrop, Mass}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo43\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EROY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ORRISON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Roy was born in Malden, Mass. where he attended public school and graduated from Malden High School.  Roy worked for nearly 20 years for Benjamin Moore Paints, and then moved to the Englander Mattress Co. where he worked as a mattress retiring in 1973.  Following retirement, he worked for a number of years in retail sales at Sears in Malden
\par Roy was very active in St. Paul's Episcopal Church, and was a member of the retired Men's Club of the Church.  During his younger years, he was an avid horseshoe player participating and winning in competitions throughout the state.  His hobbies included model trains and coin collection.  Roy also enjoyed travel to New Brunswick where he enjoyed the peace and quiet of the countryside and visiting family and friends.
\par 
\par 
\par The Malden paper of October 2, 1985 carried the following:
\par "Roy. M. Smith
\par 
\par Roy M. Smith died Monday at the New England Memorial Hospital in Stoneham after an illness of three weeks.  He was 77.
\par A Malden native, he resided in Saugus for several years but moved back to Malden 30 years ago.
\par Mr. Smith was very active in St. Paul's Episcopal Church, and was a member of the retired Men's Club of the Church.
\par He retired in 1973 from the Englander Mattress Co. where he had worked for 18 years as a mattress cutter.  Prior to that, he worked for Benjamin Moore Paints for 18 years.
\par Mr. Smith is survived by his wife, Grace E. (Glendenning); a son, Lawrence A. Smith of Somerville;a daughter, Barbara J Coppla of Malden; three sisters, Ruth Cann of Saugus, Grace Stirk of Florida, and Alice Hubbs of New Hampshire; and seven grandchildren.
\par Funeral services will be held Saturday at 9 a.m. in St. Paul's Episcopal Church on Florence Street in Malden.  Interment will be in Forestdale Cemetery.
\par Arrangements are under the direction of the Weir Funeral Home, 144 Salem St., Malden."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo43\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EROY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ORRISON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Forestdale Cemetery\par 
Education: Malden High\par 
Nationality: US citizen\par 
Occupation: Gould &Cutler (Benjamin Moore Paints, Boston; Englander Mattress as a mattress cutter, Boston, Sears in retail sales, Malden\par 
Religion: Episcopalian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo43\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo84}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EROY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild272 272.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo100\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 2, 1937, Medford, MA USA..}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild273 273.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo104\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AWRENCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 25, 1942; d. June 24, 1996.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 169.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild169   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo295\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born September 29, 1913 in Black River Bridge, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died June 16, 1998 in Moncton Hospital, Moncton, NB.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo90\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IBSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  November 1, 1939 in Presbyterian Manse, Boom Road, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo853\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo618}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IBSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 INNO}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born May 22, 1912 in Black River Bridge , NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died June 8, 2003.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo295\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Walter was born in New Brunswick; Mother had come back from Tennessee to New Brunswick for his birth and may have stayed in NB until late 1916 - we do not know for sure. The family returned permanently to Little Branch in 1919 and it is likely that is where Walter started school -.  It is likely that he only went to school for 6-8 years and then would have worked with Dad on the farm. 
\par 
\par Walter did not talk much about his early years but I know that he worked long hours both summer and winter.  Because Dad was such a worker and Walter was the oldest boy in the family, I am sure that a great deal was expected of him.  He had a team of dogs, Chowder and Pup, which he hitched to a sled in winter and traveled around the community, and cross to visit Alex Newton.  Once he took Dad across to George Adams' to use the phone. The longest trip, Walter said, was to John W. MacNaughton's - a distance of about 7 miles.  
\par 
\par Canobie and Black River Glendenning family members kept in touch and visited back and forth. One time, the Christmas, 1938 I believe, Walter was taking family members to Chatham in the Model A.  The right front window was broken and was replaced with a piece of cardboard.  Seems to me that Mum, Ken, Norm, Lillian and I were in the car.  As we neared the railroad tracks, Walter spotted a train approaching from the right.  He tried to stop but the car kept sliding towards the tracks.  Quick thinking, he tramped on the gas instead and got across just ahead of the train.  People on the back of Adams' truck just ahead of us were sure that we were going to be hit.
\par 
\par Walter began building a home on the Dan MacLean place in 1937 and moved into it on November 1, 1940.  In the meantime, they lived at Little Branch.  The basement was dug with the aid of a horse, Jess, and a scoop and most if not all of the lumber came from Hallidays.  The original barn on the property burned in 1932, the same year as the Black River Hall.  His house was struck by lightning in 1940 but did not burn.
\par 
\par Although Walter farmed, he also worked off the farm.  In 1940 he worked at clearing the bombing range along the Loggieville Road.  He was called to the Army Service Corps during the war and was stationed at Ottawa, Halifax, Debert and Camp Borden.  On his return, he continued to farm and to work at the airport.  In 1950 he commenced work with Modern Construction Co. Ltd. In 1959 he moved to Moncton and continued to work for Modern at job sites throughout New Brunswick including their head office in Moncton.  He retired in 1978.
\par 
\par Dad was one of the promoters of farmers working together and was Secretary Treasurer of the Agricultural Society #103.  Part of the role was to maintain a "store" from which seeds, etc. would be sold.  After Dad died, Walter took over the role and moved the shed from the Branch to his place.
\par 
\par Walter and Agnes always welcomed visitors - family and friends alike - and they were good hosts.  A meal seemed to appear effortlessly and Walter encouraged visitors to "eat up and give the house a good name."  He liked to travel and visit family and friends in Bathurst, Rexton, Harvey Station and down to the Boston area.   He also traveled widely stopping to see men he had worked with.   For a while they owned a cottage Florina Beach near Cocagne, NB.  
\par 
\par Walter is also remembered for his keen memory.  He seemed to remember anyone he ever worked with, perhaps even met, and would visit if he was passing nearby.  He enjoyed reminiscing but talked little about what himself.  
\par 
\par Walter loved to visit the old home, "The Branch."  A few years ago, when he was not able to drive, I arranged to pick him up for a day's outing.  When we got into the car I said, "We can go any where you would like.  Would you like to go to the Island?  Saint John? Fredericton? Springhill? Or where?"  He hesitated only for a moment then said, "I think that I'd like to go to the Branch".  .
\par 
\par 
\par The Moncton Times carried the following (Clipping undated)
\par 
\par "Walter J. Glendenning\tab \tab Mr. Walter J. Glendenning, 84, of Beech St., Moncton and formerly of Black River Bridge, passed away at the Moncton Hospital on Tuesday, June 16, 1998 after a lengthy illness.
\par Born in Black River Bridge, NB, he was the eldest son of the late Elmer and Jane (Watling) Glendenning.  Walter was a retired employee of Modern Enterprises  with over 30 years service.  He was a member of St. Andrew's Presbyterian church, Moncton; a past elder of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church, Black River Bridge and was a veteran of world War ll, serving with the Canadian Army.
\par Walter is survived by his loving wife of over 58 years of marriage, E. Agnes (Gibson) Glendenning; two daughters, Lillian Murray (Mike). Carla Flewelling (Tom) of Moncton; one son, Stephen (Carolyn) of Brampton, ON; seven grandchildren, Kim, Stephen, Shelly, Kristy, Meghan, Sara and Michael; one great grandson, Stephen; two sisters, Venetia Russell of Point Aux Carr, NB, Lillian Weeks of Harvey Station, NB; three brothers, Kenneth (Verne) of Napan, NB, Norman (Jean) of Black river Bridge, NB, Donald (Carol) of Charlottetown, PEI; several nieces and nephews.  He was predeceased by a daughter, Betty Ann; three sisters, Grace, Elinor and Margaret Virginia; one brother, John.
\par Resting at Ferguson Knowles Funeral Home, 1657 Mountain Road, Moncton (858-1995) with visiting hours Thursday from 7 to 9 pm and and Friday from 2 to 4 pm and 7 to 9 pm.  Funeral services will be held at St. Andrew's Presbyterian Church, Park Street, Moncton, on Saturday, June 20 at 11 a.m. with Rev. George Anderson officiating followed by a service at St. Paul's Presbyterian Church, Black River Bridge son Saturday, June 20 at 4 pm.  Interment in the Black River Community Cemetery.
\par In Walter's memory, donations to the Heart and Stroke Foundation would be appreciated by the family."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo295\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Liked to visit family and friends, visiting, Sunday drives\par 
Baptism: St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church, Black River Bridge\par 
Burial: Black River Cemetery, North'ld co, New Brunswick\par 
Education: Little Branch School, NB\par 
Met spouse: Attended same church\par 
Military service: Bet. 1941 - 1945, PFC (#    ) stationed at Camp Borden, Ottawa, and Debert  (Regiment and #)                  .) with rank of\par 
Nationality: Canadian\par 
Occupation: 1939, Farmer in Black River Bridge; Secretary Treasurer to Agricultural society, Insurance agent, construction at CFB Chatham, moved to Moncton with Modern Construction in October 1959 and worked throughout the Province,\par 
Religion: Presbyterian\par 
Retirement: Abt. 1978, Payroll Dept. at Modern Construction, Moncton, NB}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo90\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IBSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
 Agnes was born in Black River and attended the Middle Black River (Cameron) school and was a member of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church; like so many young women, Agnes went to Boston to work (She had relatives there) but came home most summers.  I remember one year of Agnes coming to our place driving her brother's (?) car.  Cannot remember the make but it would be a 1930-something with extra wheels mounted on each front fender complete with silver spokes and whitewall tires.
\par 
\par In the late 1950's, Walters work transferred him to Moncton.  Shortly thereafter, Agnes enrolled in the RNA program at the New Brunswick Institute of Technology; she worked at the Moncton Hospital retiring in 1976.  Agnes also had an eye for antiques.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par The web site of the Ferguson funeral Home, Moncton carried the following on June 9, 2003:
\par "E. Agnes Glendenning
\par E Agnes Glendenning, 91, of Spencer Memorial Home and formerly of Beech St., Moncton, passed away at her residence on Sunday, June 8, 2003.  Born in Black River Bridge, daughter of the late John and Elspeth (Finno) Gibson, Agnes was a member of St. Andrews Presbyterian Church and Past president of the women's Institute of Balck River Bridge.  Following many years of working with the elderly, she completed her R.N.A training at the age of 50 and was a member of the first graduating  class at N.B.I.T.  She retired as a registered nursing assistant at the Moncton Hospital with 15 years of service.
\par Agnes will be sadly missed by her daughters: Lillian Murray (Mike), Carla Flewelling (Tom), Moncton: sons; Stephen (Carolyn), St. Ola, ON; Grandchildren: Kim Price (Danny), Stephen Murray (April), Shelley Terris (Adam), Kristy Kelly (Shawn), Meghan, Sara, Michael.  Great Grandchildren: Jimmy, Stephen, Tyler, Shane, Karlee.  Several nieces and nephews and was the last surviving member of her immediate family.  Predeceased by her husband, Walter J. Glendenning (June 1998);  Daughter; Elizabeth Ann; sisters; Grace, Ida, Isabel, Ethel: Brothers; Ward, Ernest, Albert, Jonn, Hugh.
\par Visitation at Ferguson Knowles Funeral Home, 1657 Mountain Road, Moncton, Monday 2-4 and 7-9.  Funeral Service at St. Paul's Presbyterian Church, Black River Bridge, Tuesday, June 10, 2003 , 2pm. Rev. Martin Kreplin officiating. Interment, Black River Community Cemetery.
\par In Agnes' memory, donations to St. Paul's Presbyterian Church or Friends of the Moncton Hospital (Oncology) would be appreciated."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo90\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IBSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Collected antiques,\par 
Baptism: St. Stephens Presbyterian Church, Black River ?\par 
Burial: Black River Cemetery, North'ld Co, New Brunswick\par 
Education: Middle Black River (Cameron) School and RNA Program at NBIT in Moncton\par 
Nationality: Canadian\par 
Occupation: Housekeeper in USA; homemaker; RNA at Moncton Hospital\par 
Religion: Presbyterian\par 
Retirement: June 1976, RNA, Moncton Hospital}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo295\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo90}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IBSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild274 274.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo111\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TEPHEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 14, 1940.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo88\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. June 21, 1944\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. January 21, 1954\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo88\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 

\par Northumberland Child, 9, Killed by Truck 
\par 
\par BLACK RIVER BRIDGE - Nine - year - old Elizabeth Ann Glendenning, Black River Bridge, near Loggieville, was killed instantly about 5.40 p.m. Thursday when struck by a truck near her home. The victim, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Walter Glendenning reportedly ran from behind a parked car into the path of an oncoming truck, allegedly driven by William Evert, of Gregan Post Office.  Dr. E. H. Freeman, coroner, of Chatham. Said death was accidental and no inquest would be necessary.
\par 
\par Members of the county detachment, RCMP at Newcastle investigated. The child is also survived by a brother, Stephen, and a sister, Lillian 
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo88\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River Cemetery, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Christening: July 23, 1944\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild275 275.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo117\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 20, 1950, Chatham, NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild276 276.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo122\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ARLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 OUISE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 27, 1958, Moncton Hospital.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 170.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild170   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo296\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ENETIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born May 14, 1915 in Little Branch, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died January 11, 2003.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo89\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  August 4, 1937 in St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo769\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo758}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born December 29, 1906 in Point Aux Carr, NB ?\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died August 22, 1979 in Point Aux Carr, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo296\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ENETIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
 Venetia was born at Little Branch.  Mum and Dad were living in Little Branch at the time.  Venetia attended the Little Branch School for Grades 1-8, the highest grade available in the Little Branch School, and then she 
\par stayed with Aunt Tine in Loggieville where she completed Grade nine.  Following that, she wrote Entrance Exams and gained First Class Entrance to the Provincial Normal School from which she graduated in 1933.  As I recall, Venetia taught in New Carlysle, Napan, Penniac and Bayside; she may also have taught somewhere north of Fredericton.  She also taught in Point Aux Carr, Little Branch, Miramichi Rural High School and Chatham retiring in 1975.  Quite a number of people at her wake mentioned that Venetia had been their teacher.
\par 
\par Venetia was active in her church, St. Paul's Presbyterian.  She probably attended Sunday school at St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church prior to it becoming St. Stephen's United Church.  When St. Paul's opened in 1930, there was a PYPS rally prior to the church opening. And Venetia was President of the Young Peoples Society.  The local paper, presumably the Chatham Gazette, noted, "Miss Venetia Glendenning, President Black River Y.P.S, in a very pleasing manner welcomed the delegates" Venetia was a member of St. Paul's since its establishment, played the organ for many years and for 40 years was Church Treasurer.  She was also a member of the Women's Missionary Society and the Women's League.
\par 
\par Venetia met Cameron Russell (1906-1979) in the spring of 1932 at Little Branch.  Cam was rafting logs for Harrison Murdoch and they tied up at the wharf.  Cam and perhaps other members of the crew came over to talk to the girls in the schoolyard.  They married in St. Paul's Presbyterian Church and lived in Point Aux Carr in a home they bought from Mrs. Simon MacDonald.  Mrs. MacDonald retained a room which she used mainly in the summer.  Cam and Venetia had three children, Glenn, Leonard and Donna.
\par 
\par Venetia was an avid reader, a good listener and a good sport.  She was a good conversationalist but not one to gossip or be critical of others.  She demanded nothing, asked little and offered much.  She did not complain and was always "fine" when asked about her own health.  She did not want to bother people.  She could entertain herself and did not mind living alone.  In fact, she lived alone for 20 years after she became a widow.
\par 
\par Venetia was a resource for information about her community and we shared an interest in genealogy; she provided me with much of my initial information about the Watling side of the family.  She could recall family relationships from memory whereas I have to rely on my notes and records.
\par 
\par Venetia and Cam had many trips to Florida with Ken and Verne.  When lighting her stove to warm the house on return from one trip in 1989 or 1990, the house caught fire and burned.  She rebuilt on the same site.  Venetia and Cam visited Donna and Vernon when they lived in Vancouver and later in England and, while in England, traveled with the family by car around Europe.  
\par 
\par As a youngster, I recall the nice table Venetia set at mealtime.  A visit to Venetia's always ended in lunch before leaving.  Sometimes when visiting the Miramichi in recent years, I would drop in on Venetia's about 8:00 am and enjoy toast, jam, tea and conversation.  She kept scotch cookies in her freezer and always set some out when she knew I was coming for a visit.
\par 
\par 
\par Venetia boarded with Archie MacKay in Fredericton while attending Normal School.
\par The web site of Adams Funeral Home of January 16, 2003 included the following:
\par "Mrs Venetia K. Russell
\par Miramichi - Mrs. Venetia Kathrine Russell, widow of the late Cameron Russell, of the Miramichi Senior Citizens Home, and formerly of Point Aux Carr, passed away at the Miramichi Regional Hospital, on Saturday morning, January 11, 2003 at the age of 87.
\par Born in Black River Bridge, she was the daughter of the late Elmer A, and Jane (Watling) Glendenning.  She was a teacher by profession; a member of the N.B. Retired Teaches Assoc., a life member of the Miarmichi Teachers Assoc.; a member of St. Pauls Presbyterian Church, Black River Bridge; a former treasurer of that church, for 40 years as well as a former organist; a member of the Missionary Society; as well as a well known community historian.
\par She is survived by one daughter, Mrs Donna Goodfellow (Vernon). of China; two sons, Glenn Russell (Marilyn), of Miramichi, and Leonard Russell (Glenna) of Graham's Road, PEI; three brothers, Kenneth Glendenning (Vern), of Napan, Norman Glendenning (Jean), of Black River Bridge, and Donald Glendenning (Carol) of Charlottetown, P.E.I.; six grandchildren,Janet, Anne, Amy Lynn and Cameron Goodfellow, Susanne and Joh Russell; one great grandchild, Theora Holden; as well as numerous nieces and nephews.  She was predeceased by her husband, Cameron, in 1979; four sisters, Lillian Weeks, Grace Smith, Eleanor Taylor, and Margaret Virginia Glendenning; two brothers, Walter and John Glendenning.
\par Visiting will be from Adams Funeral Home, King St., Miramichi, on Tuesday, only, from 2-4 &7-9 pm.  Funeral service will be held from Adams funeral Home Chapel, on Wednesday, January 15, 2003, at 2:00 pm conducted by Rev. Dr. Phillip Crowell.  Interment will be in the Black River Community Cemetery, later in the spring.
\par As expressions of sympathy, donations to the Miramichi Retired Teachers Assoc., or any charity of the donors' choice would be appreciated by the family."  ...}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo296\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ENETIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Church Treasurer, WMS, Retirees, played organ, reading.\par 
Burial: January 15, 2003, Black River Cemetery.\par 
Education: Little Branch School, NB; Provincial Normal School, 193\par 
Met spouse: Abt. 1933, Cam was working at Little Branch wharf when Venetia was a student\par 
Nationality: Canadian\par 
Occupation: Home maker; School teacher at Carlysle, Napan,Penniac, Bayside, ( Miramichi) Little Branch, Miramichi Rural, Chatham.\par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo89\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Cam was born and lived all his life in Point Aux Carr.  He was a fisherman - smelts in the winter and salmon in the summer.  At one time he fished just off-shore from where he lived but the fishing by set nets was banned and he "drifted" for salmon.  He also farmed.  When courting Venetia, he would often bicycle to Little Branch only to be asked to a barber to the Glendenning boys.
\par 
\par He played the fiddle at dances in the local school, served as an elder in St. Pals Presbyterian Church and also sang in the choir.  For years he represented St. Paul's Church on the Black River Cemetery committee
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par A clipping, believed to come from the Moncton times reports:
\par "D.C. Russell\tab \tab POINT AU CARR (Special) - The death of D. Cameron Russell of Point au Carr, Northumberland County, occurred on arrival Wednesday at Hotel Dieu Hospital, Chatham.  He was 72.
\par Born at Point aux Carr, he was a son of the late Ernest and Burgess (Cameron) Russell, and was a farmer, fisherman and carpenter.
\par He was a member of St. Paul's Presbyterian church, Black river, and an elder of the church.  He took an active part in all church activities throughout his life.
\par He was a member of the Miramichi Highland Society.
\par He is survived by his wife, the former Venetia G; a daughter, Mrs. Vernon Goodfellow, (Donna) of South Esk; two sons, Leonard of St. Eleanors, PEI., and Glenn Russell of Newcastle; two sisters, Mrs. Gordon MacDiarmid (Betty) of Centre Napan and Mrs. Hugh Berry (Aldine) of Averill Park, N.Y.; ,a brother, Howard Russell of Point au Carr, and by four grandchildren.
\par The body is resting at his home at Point au Carr.
\par Services will be held at 3:30 p.m. Saturday at St. Paul's Presbyterian Church, Black River, with interment in the church cemetery."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo89\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Church Elder, played the fiddle, enjoyed cards\par 
Burial: Black River Cemetery, Black River, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Education: Point Aux Carr, NB\par 
Nationality: Canadian\par 
Occupation: Farmer and fisherman\par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo89\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo296}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ENETIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild277 277.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo126\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 LENN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 11, 1939, Hotel Dieu Hospital, Chatham.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild278 278.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo131\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EONARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 YRON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 13, 1942, Hotel Dieu Hospital, Chatham.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild279 279.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo135\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONNA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARILYN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 15, 1944, Chatham, NB.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 171.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild171   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo297\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born January 8, 1917 in Fairhaven, Conneticut, U. S. A.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died October 23, 2001 in Wauklehegan Manor, MacAdam, NB.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo339\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 RYDONE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  December 22, 1939 in Glendenning's, Little Branch, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1220\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4690}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LLERY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 EALY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born July 6, 1917 in Loggieville, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died September 16, 1994 in Stanley, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo297\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Lillian was born at 3 Perkins St., Fairhaven, Conn., USA, where Dad was working at the time.  She would have traveled with the family to Hampton, Virginia and Muscle Shoals, Alabama before returning to Little Branch in 1919.  She attended Little Branch School for a few years but admitted that she did not like school.  
\par 
\par In school, students required a slate cloth and water to main clean slates.  Once Lillian dropped her slate cloth and instead of picking it up, tied the ankle of the student in front of her to the leg of the desk.  When the teacher called the girl to come to the board, the slate cloth tripped her.
\par 
\par Dad was returning from Moncton; Lillian was with him and maybe others.  Near Rexton, a car tried to run him off the road.  Lillian thought that they were rumrunners but perhaps the rum was inside them rather than just in the car.  Dad pulled in to a store/gas station and phoned the RCMP.  A police car came from Newcastle.  Lillian remembered riding in the police car as far as John W. MacNaughton's.
\par 
\par Lillian was a close friend of Maxine Macdonald and they used to visit back and forth.  One of Mum's tricks was to ask Lillian to take a note over to Maxine's mother.  She dutifully carried the noted a half-mile to Maxine's place.  She did not know it at the time, but the note simply said "Please send Lillian home after a while."
\par 
\par 
\par At age 16, Lillian was glad to go to Boston to work.  Ken remembers the phone call from her sister, Grace, who was living on Beacon Street at the time, saying that there was a job for her in Boston; Walter took Mum, Venetia and Lillian to catch the train at Newcastle.  She arrived in Boston on September 22, 1933 and, I think, stayed with Dad's cousin, Sam Knowles, for a while.  That night, she went to a dance with Grace and Roy to celebrate Grace's 22nd birthday. (Dates don't quite match)
\par 
\par While in Boston, Lillian did housework and looked after children first for Mrs. Fineberg, who was a singer, and later for Mrs. Piser.  Her last employer was Mrs. Walker where she worked for 5-6 years.  One of her addresses was "61 Mayo Avenue, Needham."
\par 
\par Brydone and Lillian met on April 18, 1933 while Lillian was visiting with Aunt Tine in Loggieville.  There was a service in the United Church and afterward the young people played badminton.  Brydone walked Lillian back to Aunt Tine's.  They courted for over 6 years.  Lillian came home most summers but Brydone also visited her in Boston.  In 1936, Brydone and Walter traveled to Boston by train stopping to visit in Portland on the way.  Brydone and his mother drove Lillian back to Boston in 1936 after Grace's wedding.
\par 
\par I can remember Brydone coming to court Lillian in his Dad's car (a 1935 Ford perhaps); I would hang around the front door and as they got into the car.  Occasionally, Brydone would invite me to get in and go for a ride.  Sometimes the ride would include a trip to the "Bayshore" and end with a cone of ice cream.
\par 
\par Lillian and Kenneth Brydone Weeks (July 6, 1917 - Sept 16, 1994) were married at Little Branch on December 22, 1939. by Rev. P. McK. Sampson, Minister of the Sunny Corner Presbyterian Church and they lived in Loggieville.  Shortly after, Brydone enlisted in the North Shore Regiment.  Lillian lived for a while in Woodstock, and Sussex as well as Camp Borden.  She and the family lived in Loggieville (13 Church Lane?) while Brydone was overseas.  .
\par 
\par Lillian was a people person.  She was active in her church.  She enjoyed company, was a great conversationalist and enjoyed both hearing and telling jokes.  Although she did not play any musical instrument she often sang while working around the house.  She also sang in the choir and I can still hear her singing The Old Rugged Cross.  Lillian, Brydone and daughter, Patricia, frequently led special church services with readings and song.
\par Lillian was a note-maker.  She maintained a record of dates of events from her community and from Black River.  In 1974-75, Lillian typed 144 pages of memories of her early years.  In 1995, I arranged for them to be printed and she gave copies to family and a few close friends.  Among other things, Lillian remembered visiting Bird Hill to observe the "Zepplin", a German dirigible pass on its way to New York.  That is the dirigible famous for having burst into flames while moored in New Jersey.
\par 
\par 
\par Lillian went to Boston on on September 22, 1933 and returned to NB to live in September, 1939.
\par The Fredericton gleaner carried the following on October 25, 2000:
\par 
\par WEEKS, LILLIAN ELSPETH
\par The death of Lillian Elspeth Weeks, of McAdam, formerly of Stanley and Harvey Station, NB., wife of the late Kenneth Brydone Weeks, Sr. occurred on Tuesday, October 23 2001at the Waukleghan Manor, McAdam, NB.  born in Connecticut, USA, she was the daughter of the late Elmer and Jane (Watling) Glendenning.  Mrs Weeks worked as a nannie before the war in Boston from 1933 to 1939.  She was a member of St. Peters Presbyterian Church, Stanley where she was a member of the Women's Missionary Society, Ladies Aid Society and sang in the church choir, she was also very active in all other church activities.
\par She is survived by three sons, John Weeks and his wife, Leota of Mississauga, ON Kenneth Weeks and his wife Bev of Harvey Station, NB and Heath Weeks of Fredericton, NB; five granddaughters, Karen Oliver of Melbourne, Australia, Wendy Abel of Wassis, NB, Karla Huckvale of Mississauga, ON, Lisa Messer of Fredericton, NB and Patricia Walsh of Saint John, NB; one grandson, Allan Weeks of Slave Lake, AB; four great grandchildren, Autum and Aaron Abel of Wassis, NB, Matthew and Cameron Oliver of Australia; one sister, Venetia Russell of Point Aux Carr, NB; three brothers, Kenneth Glendenning and his wife Verne of Napan, NB, Norman Glendenning and his wife Jean of Black River Bridge, NB. Don Glendenning and his wife Carol of Charlottetown, PEI; a special friend Bernadine Walsh of Saint John, several nieces and nephews.  Besides her husband and parents, she was predeceased by one daughter, Patricia Lister; one grandson, Michael Weeks, three sisters, Grace Smith, Margaret Virginia Glendenning, and Elinor Taylor; two brothers, John and Walter Glendenning.
\par Visitation will take place at York Funeral Home ,Brookside Drive, Fredericton North on Wednesday, October 24 , 2001 from 2-4 and 7-9 p.m. (remainder not readable)"}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo297\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Active in church, singing, active in church groups\par 
Burial: Stanley, NB\par 
Education: Little Branch School, NB\par 
Met spouse: Abt. 1933, Lillian was visiting Aunt Tine in Loggieville and met Brydone at a youth gathering at Church.\par 
Naturalization: Although born in the USA, became a Canadian citizen in ?\par 
Occupation: Abt. 1933, Nanny in Boston area, homemaker\par 
Other: After Brydone died, Lillian moved back to Harvey Station and then to a Nursing Home in McAdam\par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo339\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 RYDONE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Brydone was born in Loggieville and graduated from the Loggieville High School.  For a number of years he worked for A&R Loggie Company delivering groceries and feed with one of his regular routes being Loggieville to Escuminac.  People would phone in their orders and Brydone would deliver.  Once or twice he took me with him and bought lunch while in Escuminac.  It was quite a treat.
\par 
\par Brydone always wanted to farm and after leaving the army purchased a dairy farm near Harvey Station.  Brydone was always active in his church and, in late 1964; Brydone accepted a call to minister in a three-point Presbyterian charge with a manse provided in Stanley; Lillian and Brydone lived there until their retirement.
\par 
\par After Brydone retired, Lillian usually accompanied him when he substituted throughout Southern New Brunswick for ministers who were ill or on vacation.  After Brydone died, Lillian moved to Harvey Station, then with Ken and Beverley but eventually moved into a senior's home in MacAdam.
\par 
\par Their homes in Harvey Station and in Stanley were favourite stopping places when traveling through to Boston - as well as just for family visits.  I frequently stayed there.  In fact, at Easter of 1955, I was visiting when Mum phoned one night to say a letter had arrived saying that I had won a Beaverbrook Overseas Scholarship.  
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par The Fredericton Gleaner of September 17, 1994 reported the following:
\par WEEKS - At his home in Stanley, NB, K. Brydone Weeks, passed away on September 16, 1994.  He was Catechist serving the Presbyterian Churches in Stanley and Williamsburg from 1965 to 1986.  He served with the North Shore Regiment of the Canadian Armed Forces from 1939-1945, retiring with the rank of Captain.  He is survived by his wife Lillian (Glendenning); three sons, John and his wife Leota of Mississauga, Ontario Kenneth B. and his wife Bev of Harvey Station, NB, and Heath of Fredericton;  four granddaughters, Wendy Abel of Saskatchewan, Karen Oliver of Australia, Karlea Weeks of Mississauga, Lisa Messer of Fredericton; one grandson, Allan Weeks of Harvey Station; ; a great-grand-daughter, Autumn Abel; two great-grand-sons, Aaron Abel and Matthew Oliver; two brothers, Bill of Montreal and Frank of Loggieville, NB; three sisters, Elanor Whiteside of California, Phyllis Dunn and Shirley Linkfelter both of Esquimalt, BC; several nieces and nephews.  He was predeceased by his parents, Ellery and Eva Weeks, his daughter Patricia Lister, grandson Michael John, three brothers, Royce, Gerald and Bob.
\par Resting at Bishops Funeral Home, Ltd., 540 Woodstock Road, Fredericton, NB. where visitation will be held Saturday from 2-4 pm and 7-9 pm.  The funeral service will be held Monday, September 19, 1994 at 3:00 pm at St. Peters Presbyterian Church, Stanley.  Interment will be in the church cemetery.  Friends will be received in the church following the service.  Donations may be made to the charity of the donor's choice."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo339\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 RYDONE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Active un church as a young man, reading\par 
Baptism: Loggieville, NB\par 
Burial: Stanley, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Cause of Death: Heart failure\par 
Education: Loggieville High School? NB\par 
Military service: Served  in the North Shore Regt; # was soverseas but returned to instruct;\par 
Nationality: Canadian\par 
Occupation: Drove delivery truck for A & R Loggies; after the WW2, farmed in Harvey Station then became a Presbyterian lay minister in Stanley, New Brunswick\par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo339\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo297}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild280 280.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo140\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LLERY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 10, 1940.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild281 281.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo145\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 RYDONE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 18, 1942.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo155\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ATRICIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. January 16, 1947\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. September 19, 1984, Halifax, Nova Scotia\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo154\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 AUL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 ISTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , Abt. September 1969\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo155\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ATRICIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Clipping, date and source unknown:
\par Died in Halifax
\par Word has been received of the death on September 19, 1984 of Patricia; Jane Lister of New Maryland, who died at the Victoria General Hosital, Halifax at age 37 years.  The wife of Paul Lister, she was the only daughhter of K. Brydone weeks formerly of Loggieville and Lillian (Glendenning) Weeks of Black River Bridsge.  Besides her husband and parents she is survived by her paaternal grandmother, Mrs. Eva Weeks of Loggieville; three brothers, John, saint John; Kenneth of Harvey Station; and Heath at home; several aunts, uncles, cousins, nieces and nephews.  Funeral and burial took place at New Maryland united church on sunday, September 23.
\par Among relatives attending the funeral or visiting the funeral home were Mr and Mrs Norman Glendenning and daughters Eileen Glendenning and LoisAnne Gregan, Mr. and Mrs John Glendenning and daughters, Mrs Ray Williston and Mrss Aubrey Gibson and Mr. Gibson; Mr and Mrs Cameron Russell, Mr and Mrs Kenneth Glendenning, also many other relatives and friends.}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo155\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ATRICIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: New Maryland, NB}\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 172.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild172   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo299\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANKLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born December 14, 1919 in Black River , NB ?\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died June 21, 1986 in Black River, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo336\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DNA }B{\fs16 ESSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  January 27, 1944 in Glendenning's, Little Branch, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo852}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 LARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born March 7, 1923 in Point Aux Carr, NB ?\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo299\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANKLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
John was born at Little Branch shortly after the family returned to Canada.  He attended the Little Branch School probably for 7 or 8 years, and then he worked on the farm.  Dad had not been well for a number of years so Walter and John did the farm work.   
\par 
\par John and Walter hauled fish from Hardwicke to Chatham, cut hardwood on the "ridge" and delivered it to Loggieville and Chatham.  One day they would go to Hardwicke or Baie St. Anne (including Fred Savoie's) and bring fish back to the Branch; the next day, they delivered the fish to Chatham for $5.00 per ton (two box-sled loads).  They went to the woods and cut and split a cord of hardwood and the next day delivered it to Loggieville or Chatham for $5.00 including the cost of the wood.   
\par 
\par John worked hard and put in long hours.  He expected others to do their bit whether it was bringing in the wood for the stove, doing barn chores, going to the woods in winter, making hay in summer, etc.  It was expected and you did it.  But he was also very generous to people needing help.    
\par 
\par In the late 1930's John, along with some other young men from Black River including Tom Harper, Theodore Fowlie, took an agricultural course in Newcastle.  The course included practical farm mechanics, agriculture, book keeping, general mechanics and woodworking.  As part of the course, John made a beautiful birch desk, which he finished in walnut.  I also remember that he learned a new technique for killing chickens.  I believe that it was then or shortly thereafter, that John rigged up a wind generator on the roof of the barn which would charge a battery and provide light.
\par 
\par One winter, November I believe, he and Brydone Weeks (Brydone was home on leave, probably before he went overseas) built a tractor out of an Oakland front end (a car that belonged to Alex MacDonald) and a Godferson rear end (a truck used by the A&R Loggie Co) - and they did this in Walter's old shed without the aid of welding and cutting equipment (or heat). The tractor had two transmissions.  The tractor was very powerful but the too heavy for soft ground.
\par 
\par During the winter of 1945-46, and perhaps winters previous to this, John, Ken and Norm all worked in the woods for Hubert Matchett of Sunny Corner.  They would be gone all week and I did the barn work.
\par 
\par As a young lad going on 17, I went to work on the boats in Chatham loading pulp and pit props.  (I am sure that I got my first job based on the reputation of John, Ken and Norm.)  One day we were storing 8-foot props down in the hold.  They are heavy enough anyway but these were also moldy; I was struggling and John knew it.  John said, "Let me take that one, Donald".  And it happened many times.  
\par 
\par For a number of years John went from farm to farm along the Miramichi pressing hay, first with a horse powered hay press but later with a press operated off a tractor.  (When pressing hay at home, it was my job to keep the horse moving and to prevent it from grabbing at the hay when it went past the end of the bundle.)  Bundles of hay weighed between 80 to 120 pounds.  John worked all around Black River, Napan, Barnaby River, Cains River, etc.  For a number of years, John owned a 3-ton Dodge truck, which I believe he bought from Hubert Matchett, and trucked pulp, pit props, gravel, lime, fertilizer, hay and Christmas trees.
\par 
\par 
\par In 1946-47 John and Mary built a new house on the Bob MacLean property and in the spring of 1948 opened a store in their living room.  In 1968 they built a new store nearer the road and put in gas tanks.  John was very entrepreneurial selling groceries, flour, feed, plumbing, furnaces and anything else to make a buck.
\par 
\par John received his call for military service and, I believe, went to Fredericton for a physical.  He had very poor eyesight and was turned down.  He probably would not have had to serve anyway, because farming was an essential service and he was needed at home.  Ken and Norm were already in the Service and I was too young to take over the responsibility of farming.  
\par 
\par When Ken and Norm were in the service, I was the only one around to help with the farm work.  Since Dad died when I was very young, you might say that I learned to work under John's direction.  I recall going to the woods in the winter, sitting on the bob-sled and on the load of wood on the way home, building loads of loose hay and poisoning potato bugs early in the morning to take advantage of heavy dew.  John was the only one of the boys who would sing while driving to and from the fields or woods - I especially remember him singing familiar hymns.
\par 
\par Many of the older people in Black River will remember the 1939 Ford half-ton truck that, as I recall, John purchased from Bonnie Flanagan.  It was a far cry from the old Model A.  The truck had wooden cab on the back and John would take people to town on Saturday night when the stores were open.  There could be a 10-12 people in the back.  I think that he charged one dollar.  The last thing before leaving town, he would drive up Water Street and past Ben's Canteen to see if anyone needed a lift home.  
\par 
\par John and Mary liked to visit family and friends around the Miramichi and Bathurst.  John and Mary, with Margaret and Jeannie, made their first trip to Florida over Christmas of 1958.  Carol and I went with them to help with the driving.  Later, they managed to visit Florida for a month most winters always stopping to see family and friend in Florida and on the way.  When our children were small and we visited Black River, John always had gave the kids a candy or some change just as we were about to drive away.
\par 
\par I did not find an obituary, however, The Moncton Times of  Monday, June 23, 1986 carried the following: 
\par  "Black River Bridge couple beaten
\par Man dead, wife hurt in robbery
\par BLACK RIVER BRIDGE (Special)  An elderly  Black River Bridge man is dead and his wife is in serious but stable condition following what police suspect was a robbery attempt at the couple's home late Saturday.  John F. Glendenning, a local grocer, was pronounced dead on arrival at hospital, while his wife, Mary, remains in stable condition  at Chatham's Hotelo Dieu Hospital.
\par Both are believed to have been victims of a beating by "several" persons.
\par Police are saying little about the attack, but confirm several persons were questioned late Sunday before  being released. Robbery is presumed to be the motive for the attack at this point of the investigation.
\par Mary Glendenning, 62, was apparently tied up by her assailants but managed to free herself to  telephone for help.  No one else was in the house at the time.
\par The attack occurred sometime between 10 pm.and midnight Saturday.  The Glendenning's store adjacent to the house wasn't broken into, according to one family member. 
\par Newcastle RCMP are being assisted by General Investigation Section officers from Moncton, RCMP subdivision.  Black River Bridge is about 10 miles from Chatham.
\par Born in Black River Bridge, Glendenning was the son of the late Elmer and Jane E. (Watling) Glendenning  He was a grocer and farmer, a member of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church, Black River and an active member of the Black River Community Hall.
\par Besides his wife, the former Mary E. Watling of Point au Carr, he is survived by two daughters, Mrs. Aubrey Gibson (Margaret) of Black River Bridge, Mrs Ray Williston, (Jeannie)  of Moncton; three sisters, Mrs Roy Smith (Grace) of Boston, Mass., Mrs Brydone Weeks (Lillian) of Harvey Station, Mrs Cameron Russell, (Venetia) of Point au Carr; four brothers, Walter of Moncton, Kenneth of Centre Napan, Norman of Black River Bridge, Dr. Donald of Charlottetown, P.E.I.; four grndchildren; several nieces and nephews.
\par The body will be at Adams Funeral Home, Chatham after 7 p.m. Tuesday.  Funeral service will be at St. Paul's Presbyterian Church at a day and time to be announced. Burial will be in Black River Cemetery".}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo299\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANKLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Church, Community Hall, \par 
Baptism: St. Stephens Presbyterian Church ?\par 
Burial: June 26, 1986, Black River Cemetery,  Black River, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Education: Little Branch School, NB; winter program at Harkins High, Newcastle\par 
Met spouse: Mary went to a function with her cousin, Millie MacDonald, John took her back to Point Aux Carr\par 
Nationality: Canadian\par 
Occupation: Farmer, owned a country store and general entrepreneur\par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo336\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DNA }B{\fs16 ESSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
John met Mary when she attended a service at St. Paul's with her cousin, Millie MacDonald.  He took Mary back to Point Aux Carr that night.  John and Mary were married at the Branch on January 27, 1944 and lived at the Branch for a while.  The day of, or day before, the wedding, John went in town to do some last minute shopping.  It was raining and the roads were icy.  An RCMP vehicle went through a stop sign and clipped John's truck.  
\par 
\par Mary grew up and went to school in Point Aux Carr, she also attended Sunday school which was held in the school.  As part of a large family, Mary took her turn doing all of the chores including those in the barn as well as the house.
\par 
\par Mary was a true partner with john in running their country store; John opened the store about 6:00 am while Mary got breakfast; john went in for breakfast about 8 and Mary took over in the store.  It was a full-time job for both of them.
\par 
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo336\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DNA }B{\fs16 ESSIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Education: Point Aux Carr, NB\par 
Nationality: Canadian\par 
Occupation: Home maker and store operator\par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (137) Mary Edna Bessie Watling.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 173.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild173   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo300\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born June 10, 1922\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died February 22, 1973 in Miramichi Hosp, Newcastle, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo334\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 ARL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 .}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  February 17, 1940\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3594\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3595}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}I{\fs16 NNIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born May 10, 1916 in Napan ?\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died December 20, 1969 in Miramichi Hospital,  NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo300\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Elinor, her Dad called her Nen, was born after the family returned to Canada; she attended the Little Branch School to the end of Grade 8.  She then wrote High School Entrance exams and attended high school classes in Bay du Vin.  
\par She usually walked to Bay du Vin, a distance of 5 miles, but sometimes rode her bicycle.  In the winter she boarded at Barbour Williston's.  On a beautiful sunny day in early September, 1935, I walked with Elinor to my first day at school.  She wrote and passed her Junior Matriculation. 
\par 
\par By 1933, Grace, Venetia and Lillian had left home and Elinor would have been the only daughter at home to help Mum. With Dad and five boys at home, while still going to school, and without electricity or running water, the work would have been heavy, indeed.
\par 
\par Elinor met Earl   when he worked and stayed at home.  They lived at the Branch until, I think, Earl went in the army then they bought a house on Harriman Lane in Loggieville.  As best I can remember, Elinor stayed in Loggieville all the time Earl was in the service.
\par 
\par In the summer of 1949, Elinor and Earl and family moved to Black River.  Alex MacDonald had been killed in an accident and W. S. Loggie Company held the mortgage on his property.  Elinor turned over their house in Loggieville to Loggie's and paid the difference - $300.  I moved their belongings from Loggieville to Black River in the 1949 red Chev  ton truck.  On one trip, we stopped to see Norm who was cutting grain in the field below John's house.
\par 
\par As her family got older, Elinor did housework for a number of people in Chatham and at CFB Chatham.  She also worked at the Miramichi Seniors' Home in Chatham and at the Rehabilitation Centre.  Elinor was active in St. Paul's Presbyterian Church being a member of both the Women's League and the Presbyterian Missionary Society, a member of the Women's Institute and an active Member of the Black River Community Hall Committee.  The hall had burned and a new building was constructed.  (This was the second time that the Black River Hall had burned.).  She phoned me to tell me about the fire; a few days later she went into the hospital and died after a brief illness.
\par 
\par Once when having supper after a day digging potatoes, we were sitting at the dining room table.  Uncle Jim was there because it was the custom for neighbours to exchange labour while cutting wood, threshing, picking potatoes etc.  It was dark so there was an oil lamp on the table.  Elinor went to reach across for butter and poked her knife through the lamp globe.  Of course, the flame went out as a result of the air rushing in.
\par 
\par Elinor wrote regularly when I was in England and her letters were always newsy.  At Christmas of 1955 - my first Christmas away from home, I recall coming back to the residence late on Christmas day to find a letter waiting for me from Elinor.  (Only in England would mail be delivered on Christmas day.)  She also wrote a letter every day to her son, Robert, when he lived in Toronto.
\par Elinor was a "high-energy" person - some may say it was a nervous energy.  She was a good worker, had a quick turn of mind, was fiercely loyal, and quick to support or defend family members.  She also had a temper.  Once when she was young, Mum sent the youngsters upstairs to make their Valentines.  (Ken says that Jamie Mortimer and Ward Godfrey were at home at the time).  Elinor and Norm had a spat and Norm tried to take the scissors from her and cut his hand.  Elinor enjoyed hockey and was a fan of the Montreal Canadiens.  She was a good letter writer and wrote to her son, Robert, every day but two during the years he lived in Toronto.  I forget the reason for the first day she did not write but the second was the day she was admitted to the hospital just before she died. The following tribute was written by Mrs. Donald Angus MacDonald.
\par 
\par To Elinor
\par Today I stood beside your silent bier,
\par Sweet fragrant flowers, tokens of esteem
\par Brought me thoughts of other days,
\par I see again your ready smile and kindly ways.
\par 
\par I feel your hand upon my arm
\par To aid me down the steps.
\par And see your keen and friendly interest
\par In every one you met.
\par 
\par You gave yourself to every worthy cause.
\par Your untiring energy you could not stay,
\par Our whole community is a richer place
\par Since you have passed this way.
\par 
\par The Master called you to a higher post
\par But this is not the end,
\par We'll meet again, and you will know
\par How proud I am, that I have called you friend.
\par                    C. A. MacDonald, February 24, 1973
\par 
\par 
\par A clipping believed to be from the Moncton Times reports:
\par "Mrs. E. A. Taylor
\par CHATHAM (Special) - The death of Mrs. Elinor Jean Taylor, widow of Earl A. Taylor  of Black River Bridge, occurred at Miramichi Hospital in Newcastle  Thursday after a brief illness.  She was 50.
\par Born at Black River Bridge, she was the daughter of the late Elmer and Jane (Watling) Glendenning.
\par She was a member of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church in Black River, the WMS of the church, vice-president of the Miramichi Presbyterial, vice president of the Northumberland County Women's Institute.
\par She was employed at the Miramichi Rehabilitation Centre in Chatham.
\par Surviving are, two daughters, Mrs. Eugene Shea (Sandra) of Ferry Road and Mrs Benson Harris (Ginny) of Brantford, Ont.; five sons, Gerald of Beechwood, Robert of Toronto, David and Kenneth, both of Black River, and Frank of Chatham; three sisters, Mrs. Roy Smith of Malden, Mass.,Mrs. Cameron Russell of Point au Carr, Mrs. Brydone Weeks of Stanley; five brothers, Walter of Moncton, John and Norman, both of Black River, Kenneth of Centre Napan and Donald of Charlottetown; and 12 grandchildren.
\par The body is resting at her home with funeral arrangements to be announced."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo300\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Church, Women's Institute, Women's Missionary Society; community hall\par 
Baptism: St. Pauls Stephens Presbyterian Church, Black River, NB\par 
Burial: Black River Cemetery, Black River, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Education: Little Branch School, NB, Miramichi High (Bay du Vin)\par 
Met spouse: Earl worked for Dad\par 
Nationality: Canadian\par 
Occupation: Home maker and housework in Chatham\par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo334\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 ARL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 .}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Earl grew up in Napan and attended the Napan school.  As a young man, he worked around Napan and later did general farm work for Elmer Glendenning including haying, barn work and cutting wood in the winter.  He joined the army in 194? And, as I recall, was stationed in Fredericton, New Brunswick. Earl was discharged from the army on February 15, 1946 and worked at the Chatham air base.  .  
\par Fowlie's Mill
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Earl had purchased a beautiful cream, chrome and red bicycle - double bars, handle bars and all.  It was a far cry from the old bicycle which Walter had as a kid and which we, and half Black River, learned to ride on. Sometimes Earl would take me on the parcel carrier; sometimes he even let me take it by myself.  One evening, just at dusk, he took me across to the field just behind Uncle Jim's shed where Uncle Jim was burning piles of brush
\par 
\par 
\par A clipping, believed to be from the Moncton times, reports the following:
\par 
\par Funeral For Victim of Road Mishap
\par BLACK RIVER (Special) - The funeral of a Black River man who died in hospital Tuesday of injuries received when hit by a car, will be held today at 2:30 p.m. from St. Pau's Presbyterian Church here.
\par Earl Taylor, 53, was struck by a car in front of his home just after he steeped from a friend's vehicle, Newcastle RCMP said.  The mishap occurred at 6:15 pm. and Mr. Taylor died in Miramichi Hospital, Newcastle, three hours later.
\par Driver of the vehicle that struck Mr. Taylor was Willard MacDougall, also of Black River. Coroner Dr. J. P. Losier has ordered an autopsy and inquest unnecessary.  Black River is about 8 miles east of Chatham.
\par Born at Napan Bay, Mr. Taylor was a son of the late Ernest and Roberta (McInnis) Taylor.  He was a tradesman's helper at CFB St. Magaret's.  He was a second World War veteran and attended St. Paul's Presbyterian Church.
\par He is survived by his wife, the former Elinor Glendenning; two daughters, gene Shea (Sandra) of Ferry Road and Mrs. Benson Harris (Ginny) of Simcoe, Ontario; five sons, Gerald of Beechwood, Robert Toronto, David of Moncton, Frank and Kenneth at home; six sisters, Mrs. Harold Ryan of Fredericton, Mrs. Harvey Williston of Chatham, Mrs. John Williston of Bay du vin, Mrs. George MacDonald of Black River, Mrs. Edward Roach and Mrs Wilfred Turbide, both of Seven Islands; six brothers, Ronald of Redbank, Linwood of Chatham, Bud and Leo, both of Seven Islands, Alvin of Napan Bay, and Melvin of Lincoln, and seven grandchildren.
\par The Body is resting at his hoe where prayers will be said at 11:00 am today.  The body will be taken to St. Paul's Presbyterian Church where the funeral will be held at 2:30 pm today.  Interment will be in the Black River cemetery.}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo334\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 ARL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 .}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: December 26, 1969, Black River Cemetery, Black River, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Cause of Death: Struck by car in front of home\par 
Education: Napan school\par 
Military service: Abt. 1941, Regiment #\par 
Nationality: Canadian\par 
Occupation: General farm work, woods work, Fowlie's mill, Chatham airbase}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo334\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo300}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 ARL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild282 282.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo165\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 6, 1940; d. December 19, 1994, Bathurst, New Brunswick.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild283 283.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo171\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 ARL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 9, 1942.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild284 284.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo174\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ANDRA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 9, 1943.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild285 285.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo178\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 16, 1945, Loggieville, New Brunswick, Canada; d. January 20, 1999, Miramichi Hospital, New Brunswick, Canada.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild286 286.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo183\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 IRGINNIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 29, 1947.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild287 287.\ftwlnkend \tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo186\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LMER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 29, 1949.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2473\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LDON }D{\fs16 ORING}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. August 17, 1952, Chatham, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2472\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , August 9, 1975\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; b. January 24, 1948\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2473\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LDON }D{\fs16 ORING}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: October 12, 1952, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 174.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild174   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo42\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LMER}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born July 25, 1924 in Black River Br., New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo41\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 ERNE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  May 23, 1946 in Calvin Pres. Ch., Chatham, N. B., New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo492\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo493}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LFRED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 MMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born July 26, 1924 in Chatham, NB ?\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo42\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LMER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Ken attended the Little Branch School to the end of Grade 8, took classes in the Bay du Vin Hall and graduated from MRHS.  One year he stayed with Venetia and Cam in Point Aux Carr, went to school, and did the chores while Cam fished smelts.  After High school, Ken took a business course in Newcastle
\par 
\par In 1943, Ken enlisted in the RCAF; he phoned Mum from Moncton and, as I recall, Walter, Mum and I saw him at the Newcastle station when the train stopped briefly.  His first posting was to Toronto for basic training then to Galt for technical training as an airframe mechanic; later postings included St. John's, Quebec and Scoudouc, New Brunswick.  He brought an airman from BC home for Christmas that first Christmas.  After demobilization, he worked on the Miramichi including winters in the woods for Hubert Matchett and summers loading pulp and pit props on the boats. 
\par 
\par In 1948 he took a carpentry course in Moncton and, after doing carpentry work for a while, in 1950 he re-enlisted in the RCAF and his postings included Trenton, Calgary, Armstrong, Resolute, Moncton, Scoudouc, Greenwood, Ottawa and Chatham.  He retired from the air force 1984 after having a stroke.
\par 
\par In October 1939, Ken and I both came down with scarlet fever a week apart.  I think the quarantine period was 6 weeks - a red warning sign was posted by the front door. We shared the bedroom on the ground floor.  Then Ken came down with complications and I was moved to the small bedroom upstairs.  That was the time that "Old Jess", our faithful old horse, was put down.
\par 
\par Ken did all the usual farm work including collecting sap from which Mum made maple syrup.  I recall going with Ken with a horse and sled, with cream cans and the barrel from the churn, to collect sap before we went to school in the morning.
\par 
\par Ken has stories to tell about Venetia catching him when he tumbled out of the car on a turn in the Bathurst Road, getting pecked near an eye by a hen, and Wallace MacDonald's visit to the Little Branch School.  
\par 
\par While in the service, Ken worked as a carpenter in the evening and on Saturdays wherever he was posted; he built his own home in Napan, Venetia's home after her fire and a home for his in-laws after their fire.  He pitched in to help others building homes, barns, sheds, etc.
\par 
\par 
\par Ken has a great memory and likes to recount jokes and stories of yesteryear.  I often check with him on items about family tree information.  He attends in local political meetings.  At age 80 he purchased a computer and has learned the intricacies of email, games, and the internet and later he registered on Facebook.  Ken and Verne are regular participants in the seniors' card games at the Black River Hall and impromptu games either at their home or the home of friends.  When in the service, he was an active curler.
\par 
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo42\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LMER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Church Elder, cards, curling, cribbage, church suppers\par 
Baptism: St.Stephens Presbyterian Church, Black River, NB\par 
Christening: June 14, 1926, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Education: Little Branch School; Miramichi Rural High,; Business course at Harkins High; carpentry at NBIT after war\par 
Met spouse: At dance in Napan (?)\par 
Military service: Enlisted in 1942 and trained as an airframe mechanic; re-enlisted in RCAF in 1950 as carpenter and later changed to a Clerk Engineer; he retired from AirForce from the position of specification officer.\par 
Nationality: Canadian\par 
Occupation: Woods work, Carpenter,RCAF\par 
Religion: Presbyterian\par 
Retirement: 1984, CFB Chatham as a Specifications Officer}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo41\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 ERNE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
In 1946 he married Verne Taylor from Napan who he had first met at a dance.  Verne taught school before she was married including school in Upper Black River.  
\par 
\par Ken and Verne are active members of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church and Ken has been Clerk of Session for 27 years. For years they picked up Venetia and Edith Bremner every Sunday for church and still take Edith on a regular basis.  Verne was also active in the Women's Missionary Society.  They are active in the senior's organization and are ardent supporters of church suppers in the Miramichi.  She also plays auction 45 and is a good cribbage player.
\par 
\par 
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo41\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 ERNE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Church, cards, cribbage,\par 
Education: Napan School, Loggieville High School, St. Michaels Academy.\par 
Nationality 1: Canadian\par 
Nationality 2: Canadian\par 
Occupation: Teacher, Nursing home administrator, Homemaker\par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo42\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo41}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild288 288.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo44\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 EITH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 1, 1947.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild289 289.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo46\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OREEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 25, 1949, Chatham, N.B., New Brunswick.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 175.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild175   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo25\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 ETERS}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born December 31, 1925 in Black River Br., N. B.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo26\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  September 27, 1951 in Calvin Pres. Ch., Chatham, N. B.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo852}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 LARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born October 31, 1930 in Point Aux Carr, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo25\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 ETERS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Norm was born on New Year's Eve, 1925, however, when the birth was registered; it was given as December 31, 1926.  Grandmother Glendenning was a Peters hence his second name.   According to Lillian, Mum and Dad had difficulty deciding between the names Norman and Robert. 
\par 
\par Norman attended the Little Branch School, classes in the Anglican Church in Bay du Vin and the Miramichi Rural High School.  Before school bus service was established, Norm used to take a horse to Bay du Vin, and later Bayside, picking up other students along the way.  The horse was stabled for the day in either Goymer Williston's or Harrison Smith's barn.  
\par 
\par At age 18, he enlisted in the army and found himself in the RCEME being sent first to Camp Utopia outside Saint John, New Brunswick and later to Woodstock, Ontario and Longueil, Quebec.
\par 
\par Norm was a good skater and a good dancer, and usually took me along when I first started going to dances in 1946. I also remember working with Norm at the hay; in the woods on cold and snowy Saturdays; butchering and peddling meat; shearing and dipping sheep and whatever else needed to be done.  
\par 
\par Among Norm's stories is one about Wallace MacDonald throwing a peavey at him and Edwin Adams, trips on icy roads up river with Mr. Harper to tend to a sick horse and the first time he drove a vehicle with airbrakes.
\par 
\par Norman married Jean Watling from Point Aux Carr.  Alton and Eric now operate the farm although Norm continues to "supervise" and run errands; most every day he makes a trip to Miramichi City.  Branchview, the Glendenning farm, is the largest farm east of Miramichi and one of the largest in the Miramichi area.  Branchview has been the recipient of a number of awards.  
\par 
\par Norman and Jean always welcome family to the old family home providing a place at the table for children, siblings, grandchildren, nephews and nieces alike.  He always tells visiting children where the kittens were and offers to give them one to take home.  Many young people of the community earned some money and learned important work habits while working on the farm with Norman and the "boys".  
\par 
\par Norm's early years were filled with long evenings of farm chores on top of full days driving truck for Alfred MacDonald or with John pressing hay.   
\par 
\par   For a number of years Norman served as a trustee of the Black River Community Hall including during a major renovation in the 1960's and reconstruction in the 1970''s; was a director of Agricultural Society #103 and was a Director of the Northumberland Cooperative Dairy.  He participates in local political meetings.  Although not one to travel, in "retirement" he takes time to visit neighbours and friends around Black River.
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo25\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 ETERS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Church, Community Hall, Northumberland Cooperative, family gatherings\par 
Baptism: June 14, 1926, St. Pauls Presbyterian Church, Black River ?\par 
Education: Little Branch, Miramichi Rural Hign,\par 
Met spouse: Abt. 1950, Dance at Mel Adams, Bayside\par 
Military service: Bet. 1944 - 1945, #          , RCEME, Utopia, Woodstock, Ont, and\par 
Nationality: Canadian\par 
Occupation: Aft. 1945, Dairy Farmer, truck driver.\par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo26\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Jean was born in Point Aux Carr and attended the Point Aux Carr school.  As a member of a large family, Jean did her share of house and farm work.
\par 
\par Norman and Jean are active in their community and are members of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church; Jean has been a member of the woman's Missionary society for more than 40 years and Norman is a Trustee.
\par 
\par At age 59, she got her first drivers license and often drives her sister, Mary, to Point Aux Carr for a few days in Mary's cottage - especially when other family members are home.  Their home and their camp are the scene of family gatherings especially on holiday weekends
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo26\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Church, \par 
Education: Point Aux Carr, NB\par 
Nationality: Canadian\par 
Occupation: Home maker\par 
Religion: Presbyterian}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (142) Dorothy Jean Watling.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 176.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild176   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo18\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST }M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born September 8, 1929 in Little Branch, New Brunswick, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo19\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 OUISE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HESNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  January 31, 1958 in St. Pauls, Black River Br., N. B., New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1602\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1603}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HESNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 OLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 AIFER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born September 7, 1936 in Henry, Illinois, U. S. A.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo18\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST }M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Don was born at Little Branch on September 8, 1929 and was baptized in the new St. Paul's Presbyterian Church in Black River on opening day, July 20, 1930.  Like the rest of the family, he attended the Little Branch School; he also graduated from the Miramichi Rural High School.
\par 
\par He completed a six-month teacher training program at Teachers' College in Fredericton in June 1947 and his first teaching position was at Middle Kouchibouguac.  Over the next few years he mixed teaching and study completing a PhD at Indiana University in 1964.  He also taught at the Miramichi Rural High School and the New Brunswick Institute of Technology. In 1969, after a number of years with the Federal Government, he moved to Prince Edward Island to become the first President of Holland College.  He also was active in a number of national professional organizations.  
\par 
\par After retiring from Holland College in 1987, he set up his own company and engaged in educational consulting in Canada and abroad.  His overseas contracts provided many travel opportunities especially to Asia and Africa.
\par 
\par He was bitten early by the travel bug and, either for business or pleasure, visited most every corner of Canada, most US states, and 40 countries in all. As a family, they lived in Moncton, Bloomington (Indiana), Ottawa, Vancouver and now in Charlottetown.  Don and Carol continue to travel and usually spend some time each winter in the southern USA. 
\par 
\par After retirement, Don resumed his interest in genealogy and visited Callister Hall, Scotland, where his great grandfather was born in 1807.  He publishes a Family Chronicle, an informal and occasional newsletter, which, thanks to Brian, is posted on the family website.  The Newsletter carries both family and personal recollections of growing up in Black River.
\par 
\par Retirement activities include genealogy, reading, volunteer work, travel, gardening, writing, letters to the editor - and working on his "farm".  Don was awarded the Order of Canada in 1986.
\par 
\par Childhood memories include picking wild blueberries, mayflowers, cherries, plums, strawberries, cranberries and mushrooms; hours spent with George Watling playing in and along the brook; our water diversion projects during spring run-off; the family going to church by horse and wagon; Sunday school under the huge tree in Uncle Jim's back yard; dances in the Black River hall, at Mel Adams hall and elsewhere; Saturday nights cruising the streets in Chatham, and many more.
\par 
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo18\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST }M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Gardening, reading, travelling, handyman, volunteering\par 
Baptism: July 20, 1930, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Christening: July 20, 1930, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Education: Little Branch, Miramichi Rural High, Teacher's College, NBIT, Bradley Univ., Univ. of London, Indiana Univ.\par 
Met spouse: Abt. January 1957, Blind date through Bill Comegys and Irma ?\par 
Nationality: Canadian\par 
Occupation: Teacher at Kouchibouguac, teacher and principal at  Miramichi Rural High, Head of Teacher Training at NBIT, Federal training specialist, college president, training consultant.\par 
Religion: Presbyterian\par 
Retirement: 1987, Holland College, Charlottetown}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo19\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 OUISE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HESNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Don married Carol Chesney from Peoria, Illinois.  Of the family, Carol, Brian, Janet and the grandchildren are all dual-citizens of Canada and the USA.  Carol is a graduate of Peoria High School, trained as a nurse at Methodist Hospital in Peoria and nursed in Stamford Connecticut and Moncton, NB.  Carol traveled from Stamford to Moncton in the middle of winter, wondering, as the train carried her through the woods of Maine and New Brunswick, where in the world she was going.
\par 
\par Carol likes to travel; their most exotic trip was a safari in Tanzania, Africa; they also spent two weeks as guests of the Peoples' Republic of China where Don delivered a lecture to Chinese College Directors.
\par 
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo19\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 OUISE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HESNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Activities: Reading, bridge, art, travel\par 
Education: Calvin Coolidge, ... andPeoria High (1954); Methodist School of Nursing (1957)\par 
Email: carol@islandtelecom.com\par 
Emigration: Came to Canada in 1958\par 
Nationality: US citizen; became Canadian citizen in 1997\par 
Occupation: 1957, Nurse at Methodist Hospital,  Peoria (1957); Stamford, Conn 1957-1958), Moncton Hospita 1959-1960l, Bloomington, Indiana, 1960-1961); Martinsville, Indiana, 1961-1962; homemaker, operated craft store.}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo18\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo19}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HESNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild290 290.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo20\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 2, 1962, Martinsville, Indiana, USA.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo21\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 STHER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. June 1, 1967, Ottawa Civic Hospital, Ottawa, Ontario\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo21\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 STHER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Baptism: St. Timothy's Presbyterian, Ottawa\par 
Education: West Kent, Queen Charlotte Jr. High, Colonel Gray, UPEI, U of T, UNB\par 
Nationality: Dual: Canada and USA\par 
Occupation: ESL teacher in Korea, title searcher,Federal Government.}\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 177.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild177   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo484\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 LIFTON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3410\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born June 30, 1922 in Niagara Falls, Ontario\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died September 25, 2007.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo488\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARION}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 RENE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 ARLEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  June 9, 1952\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo484\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo488}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARION}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 ARLEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild291 291.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4703\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ICHARD}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1953.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5206\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1954; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5207\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 YNTHIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 URLOTTE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5208\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1955.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5209\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ERRY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1959.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild292 292.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5210\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ANDRA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1961.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild293 293.\ftwlnkend \tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5213\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ATRICIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1964.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 178.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild178   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo485\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3410\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born July 27, 1924 in Chippewa, Ontario\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died July 5, 1990 in Tonawanda, New York\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo489\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  August 18, 1951\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She died November 2005.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo485\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Elm Lawn Cem\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo485\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo489}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5216\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ENDY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5217\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5218\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ANCY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5219\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ARREN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 179.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild179   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo486\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OYCE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3410\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born May 15, 1927 in Chippewa\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo490\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 VERETT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ISHART}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  October 11, 1952\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo490\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo486}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ISHART}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ISHART}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 AYE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ISHART}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild294 294.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5222\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 HONDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ISHART}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OANNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ISHART}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 180.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild180   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo487\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ILBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LLISON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3410\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born June 8, 1933\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo491\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 HRISTINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONOVAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  December 29, 1956\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo487\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo491}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ILBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONOVAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5226\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 REGORY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5227\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5228\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 181.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild181   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4734\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 LOYD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo538\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALLACE }W{\fs16 AITS}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} died 1986.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4895\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OYCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4734\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4895}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 LOYD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OYCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4896\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 182.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild182   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4733\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle N{\fs16 ED}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo538\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALLACE }W{\fs16 AITS}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born October 30, 1913, and died August 10.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4772\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LMA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 AMMON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She died July 16, 1999.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4733\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4772}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 AMMON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild295 295.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4898\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild296 296.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4903\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 183.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild183   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4908\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }M{\fs16 ACNAUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo539\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born Abt. 1934.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4909\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 EVERLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 TEELE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born Abt. 1937, and died 1979.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4908\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4909}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 EVERLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 TEELE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild297 297.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4910\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 10, 1963.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 184.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild184   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2095\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 WILA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 AZEL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born May 29, 1904, and died January 29, 1991.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2102\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 OWARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ALDERWOOD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  July 10, 1929.  He was born April 19, 1896, and died February 4, 1982.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2102\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2095}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 WILA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 OWARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild298 298.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4776\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALLACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 OWARD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 23, 1930.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild299 299.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4787\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ENRY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 19, 1931.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild300 300.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4796\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 YRTLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 27, 1934.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 185.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild185   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2096\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 UELAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANCES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born December 30, 1905, and died November 1, 1997.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2103\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ONALDS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  March 21, 1928.  He was born July 10, 1901, and died May 2, 1989.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2103\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2096}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 UELAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ONALDS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild301 301.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4804\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ONALDS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 12, 1930; d. April 29, 2004.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild302 302.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4805\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REEMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LVIN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ONALDS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 1931; d. 1963.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 186.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild186   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2097\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born March 20, 1908, and died May 19, 1978.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2104\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 OIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 UNRO}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  September 3, 1937.  She was born July 23, 1914, and died November 27, 2000.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2097\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2104}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 OIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 UNRO}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild303 303.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4819\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 13, 1939.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4820\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 1946; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4826\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}G{\fs16 OVERN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , October 10, 1970.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 187.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild187   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2098\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 ENA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born August 11, 1912, and died February 6, 1995.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2105\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ESLEY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  September 9, 1939.  He was born November 12, 1913, and died December 3, 1986.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2105\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2098}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4827\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 5, 1941; d. June 23, 1949.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild304 304.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4828\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 MILY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OYCE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 3, 1943.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild305 305.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4833\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 AYE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 4, 1944.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild306 306.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4834\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ESLEY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 20, 1946.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild307 307.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4835\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ATRICIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 3, 1949.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild308 308.\ftwlnkend \tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4836\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ANIEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 UFUS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 24, 1953.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4854\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1956; d. 1956.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 188.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild188   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2185\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 DELAIDE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born July 27, 1916, and died July 5, 1985.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2106\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 RAHAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 UTTIMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  May 27, 1940, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1004\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo713}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 UGUSTUS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 UTTIMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born May 16, 1909, and died November 14, 1989.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2185\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 DELAIDE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Christina Adelade Watling\par 
Date born 2: July 27, 1916\par 
Died 2: July 5, 1985}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2106\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 RAHAM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 UTTIMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date born 2: 1909\par 
Died 2: 1989}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2106\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2185}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 UTTIMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild309 309.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4855\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 UTTIMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 1, 1946.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4856\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 UTTIMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 13, 1947; d. June 19, 1966.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild310 310.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4857\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 URIEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 UTTIMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 2, 1951.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4858\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 OIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 AWN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 UTTIMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 10, 1961; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4869\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 UFFY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , June 1, 1996.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 189.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild189   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2100\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born October 3, 1919 in Bathurst, NB, and died January 5, 1987.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2107\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ERNA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 URIEL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ONALDS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  January 6, 1951.  She was born January 8, 1922 in Bathurst, NB, and died November 25, 1999.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2100\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2107}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ERNA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ONALDS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild311 311.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4753\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ANDRA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 29, 1952.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4870\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UDITH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 12, 1960.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 190.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild190   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2101\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 YRTLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born December 3, 1923.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2108\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ARRRY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ANSFORD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 INNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  July 20, 1946.  He was born November 4, 1919, and died June 5, 1986.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2108\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2101}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 YRTLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ARRRY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 INNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild312 312.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4876\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 INNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 7, 1947; d. March 24, 1995.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild313 313.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4877\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LBAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 INNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 19, 1953.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild314 314.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4878\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 INNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 3, 1956.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 191.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild191   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo954\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo415\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born August 24, 1915, and died October 2, 2003.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2813\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERTSON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3376\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3012}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born August 12, 1909, and died March 20, 2005.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2813\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERTSON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
William R. Fowlie 
\par 1909 - 2005 
\par Miramichi - Mr. William Robertson Fowlie, husband of the late Agnes Fowlie, of the Mount St. Joseph Nursing Home, and formerly of Black River Bridge, passed away at his residence on Sunday evening, March 20, 2005, at the age of 95.Born in Black River Bridge, he was the son of the late Herbert and Bertie (MacKnight) Fowlie. He was a carpenter and cabinet maker by profession. He was a member of the Full Gospel Faith Assembly Church.He is survived by two daughters, Mrs. Anna Watling (Neil), of Little Branch Road and Miss Beth Fowlie, of Miramichi Bay; three sons, Ingram Fowlie (Connie), of Port Hawksbury, N.S., Archie Fowlie (Jean), of Bathurst, and Frederick (Ted) Fowlie (Bunny), of Miramichi Bay; nineteen grandchildren; twenty-eight great grandchildren; one great great grandchild; as well as numerous nieces and nephews. He was predeceased by his wife, the former Agnes MacLean, in 2003; two sisters, Isabel MacRae and Minnie Burke; four brothers, Gordon, George, Edgar and Eldon Fowlie.Visiting will be at Adams Funeral Home Ltd., 140 King St., on Tuesday evening, from 7-9 pm and Wednesday, from 2-4 & 7-9 pm. Funeral service will be held from St. Stephens United Church, Black River Bridge, on Thursday, March 24, 2005, at 2 pm, conducted by Rev. David Cleveland. Interment will be in the Black River Community Cemetery, later in the spring.As expressions of sympathy, donations to the Black River Cemetery Fund, St. Stephens United Church or the Mount St. Joseph Nursing Home, would be appreciated by the family. Funeral arrangements are entrusted to Adams Funeral Home Ltd., 140 King St. Miramichi, telephone 773-3492.
\par 
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2813\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo954}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild315 315.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2475\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 NGRAHAM}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild316 316.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2814\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REDERICK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 EDDY }W\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 9, 1937, Black River bridge, NB; d. July 22, 2008.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2816\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2817\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RCHIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2821\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild317 317.\ftwlnkend \tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo478\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1941.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 192.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild192   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo953\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 VERARD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo415\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born July 22, 1917.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2127\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 SABELLE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  May 9, 1941.  She was born February 15, 1920.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo953\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2127}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild318 318.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2128\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 1, 1942.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild319 319.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2129\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 IOLET}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 13, 1947.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild320 320.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2130\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 4, 1955.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild321 321.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2131\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 AYE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OYCE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 9, 1957.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 193.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild193   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1953\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REDERICK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo420\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born June 28, 1906, and died 1972.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2371\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ORIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ASCARTH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born December 10, 1910, and died August 17, 1996.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1953\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2371}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REDERICK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ORIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ASCARTH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild322 322.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2372\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REDERICK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 18, 1937.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2373\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle N\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 17, 1945; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2377\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ALERIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 WINTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , 1966.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2373\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle N\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Divorced 1974;}
}\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 194.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild194   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1955\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ATHLEEN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo420\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born August 25, 1908, and died January 5, 1998.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2378\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALTERN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 AYMOND}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 ALT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born October 12, 1905, and died June 3, 1996.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2378\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1955}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALTERN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 ALT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2379\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 AYMOND}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 ALT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 15, 1937.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 195.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild195   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo955\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo417\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born January 8, 1926, and died May 1, 1995.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2381\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}C{\fs16 OLL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  June 18, 1947, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2726\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2727}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}C{\fs16 OLL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born June 22, 1925.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2381\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}C{\fs16 OLL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: June 10, 1998}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2381\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo955}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}C{\fs16 OLL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 YRON}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}C{\fs16 OLL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5532\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}C{\fs16 OLL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5533\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast S{\fs16 OMERS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 196.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild196   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3916\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo417\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born July 5, 1934, and died 2008.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2383\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ERA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2248\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3056}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 DA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1937, and died November 26, 2007.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2383\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ERA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Vera MacDonald}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3916\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2383}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ERA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3445\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ENDY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 AWN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 197.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild197   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1007\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RNOLD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4686\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 OWERS }D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born September 19, 1922, and died 1986.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2776\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 LORIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 ODIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1928.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1007\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2776}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 LORIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild323 323.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4405\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 HARLES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4410\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UTH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4411\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 198.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild198   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1008\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 ORNA }B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4686\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 OWERS }D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born October 9, 1923, and died November 12, 2006.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2777\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 YRON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3616\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3617}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LMIRA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 OGGIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born October 20, 1917, and died July 17, 1997.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2777\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1008}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 YRON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4338\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2342\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 199.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild199   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1010\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UBY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARIE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4686\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 OWERS }D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born November 13, 1928, and died May 8, 2005.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2779\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EIGH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}I{\fs16 NNIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3473\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5367}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}I{\fs16 NNIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 INA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1923, and died December 12, 2008 in Napan, NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1010\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UBY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 

\par Miramichi - Mrs. Ruby Marie MacInnis, wife of Leigh MacInnis, of Napan Bay, passed away at the Miramichi Regional Hospital, on Sunday afternoon, May 8, 2005, at the age of 76.
\par 
\par Born in Black River Bridge, she was the daughter of the late James T.D. and Ruth (Ullock) Watling. She was a homemaker and a member of St. Stephens United Church, Black River Bridge. She was a retired employee of the Morada Motel, in the former Town of Chatham.
\par 
\par She is survived by her husband, Leigh; one daughter, Shelly MacInnis-Moore (Brian), of Ottawa, Ont. ; one grandson, Samuel; five sisters, Lorna MacKenzie, of North Napan Road, Leona Fitzpatrick (James), of Miramichi, Christina Taylor (Harold), of Kitchener, Ont., Hazel Williston, of New Hamburg, Ont., Margaret Medwin, of Kitchener, Ont. She was predeceased by four brothers, Eldon, Byron, Arnold and Harry Watling.
\par 
\par Visiting will be at Adams Funeral Home Ltd., 140 King St., on Tuesday evening, from 7-9 pm and Wednesday, from 2-4 & 7-9 pm. Funeral service will be held from St. Stephens Untied Church, on Thursday, May 12, 2005, at 2 pm, conducted by Rev. David Cleveland. Interment will be in the Black River Community Cemetery.
\par 
\par As expressions of sympathy, donations to any charity of the donors' choice, would be appreciated by the family. Funeral arrangements are entrusted to Adams Funeral Home Ltd., 140 King St., Miramichi, telephone 773-3492.
\par  
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2779\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1010}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UBY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EIGH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}I{\fs16 NNIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3696\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HELLY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}I{\fs16 NNIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 200.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild200   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2299\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 URIEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 UTH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4167\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }H{\fs16 UGH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5607\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1915.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2319\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ALEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 LETT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2319\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2299}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 URIEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ALEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 LETT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild324 324.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 . }G{\fs16 .}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 LETT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 15, 1940; d. November 8, 2005.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3781\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 EATHER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 LETT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3787\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast T{\fs16 HERRIEN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3782\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 LETT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3788\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONNA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3783\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 YRON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 LETT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3789\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ARBIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3784\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 EID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 LETT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3790\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ETTE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3785\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EIGH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 LETT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3791\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OLLEEN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3786\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 EVIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 LETT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3792\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ORNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 LETT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 201.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild201   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4167\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }H{\fs16 UGH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5607\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1916, and died January 5, 2003.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2306\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 YLVIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 EASMAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2294\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2306}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 YLVIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 EASMAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2307\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2312\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast I{\fs16 NGERSOLL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2308\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 EVERLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2309\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 LOYD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2313\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast S{\fs16 HELIA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2310\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2314\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ATRICIA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2311\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2315\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast O{\fs16 NA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 202.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild202   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2300\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4167\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }H{\fs16 UGH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5607\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1919, and died July 7, 1997.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2320\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RTHUR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 HYTE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2320\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2300}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RTHUR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 HYTE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3858\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 AYE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 HYTE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3859\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ANDRA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 HYTE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3860\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 HYTE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3861\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 HYTE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3862\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 HYTE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 203.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild203   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2295\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 STHER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4167\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }H{\fs16 UGH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5607\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born July 25, 1928 in Black River.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1569\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RASER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 AROLD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  September 3, 1955, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo409\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo391}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ILDRED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born December 16, 1926, and died December 12, 1998 in Fredericton, NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1569\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2295}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 STHER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RASER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2661\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 YNTHIA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 23, 1957.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3018\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 21, 1961.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3019\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ILDRED}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 3, 1965.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 204.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild204   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo397\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANCES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo396\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1090\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2204\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born June 17, 1930.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo399\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 HYLLIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo397\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo399}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 HYLLIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo400\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ICHAEL}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo401\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. Ottawa, Ontario\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 205.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild205   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2116\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AWN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2069\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1090\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2204\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2116\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AWN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5184\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ONATHON}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1983.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 206.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild206   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2439\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2286\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 RENE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2274\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2204\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1931, and died May 22, 2003 in Stoney Creek, Ontario.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2441\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HERRY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 LOSE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2439\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2441}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HERRY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 LOSE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2442\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2443\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 LEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2444\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ULIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 207.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild207   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2287\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3283\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2949\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 TCHESON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born September 21, 1900, and died 1999.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2286\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 RENE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2274\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2275}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born October 1902, and died May 1988.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (108) Anne Irene MacNaughton.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 208.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild208   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2799\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NGUS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 ENZIE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3283\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 NIGHT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2949\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 TCHESON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1904, and died 1978.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2800\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ESTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OLPITTS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1914, and died 2002.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2799\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2800}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NGUS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ESTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OLPITTS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2801\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OAN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1936.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2802\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1938.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 209.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild209   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2068\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 AROLD}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo383\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 ANKINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2951\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born October 9, 1920.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2666\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ENNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  June 25, 1949, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1219\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo936}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARION}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1925.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2666\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ENNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Jennie Beatrice MacLean}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2068\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2666}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 AROLD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ENNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild325 325.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2972\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RIAN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 2, 1950.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild326 326.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2973\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ANCY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 25, 1952.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2974\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 12, 1958; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5200\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 EGERE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild327 327.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2975\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 10, 1961.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 210.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild210   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2076\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo386\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2203\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born July 21, 1932.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3453\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ETA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 UTTLE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2076\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3453}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 UTTLE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3454\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLISON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 OURTENAY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 17, 1973; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3455\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst Z{\fs16 AUN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 LIGGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , August 28, 2004, Gibson Island, Maryland; b. May 6, 1973, Alamogordo, NM.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 211.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild211   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1569\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RASER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 AROLD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo391\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ILDRED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2203\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born December 16, 1926, and died December 12, 1998 in Fredericton, NB.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2295\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 STHER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  September 3, 1955, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4167\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2771}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born July 25, 1928 in Black River.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (203) Esther Helen Watling.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 212.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild212   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2360\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OYCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo391\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ILDRED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2203\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born February 17, 1929.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5417\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 RAHAM}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5417\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2360}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OYCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 RAHAM}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5418\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ETH}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 RAHAM}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5419\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ANCY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 RAHAM}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 213.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild213   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2361\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo391\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ILDRED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2203\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }W{\fs16 ARD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1931.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3571\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RYAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 IND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born May 9, 1930, and died July 19, 2009.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3571\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RYAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 IND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Miramichi Leader  July 27-2009
\par 
\par Bryan Peter Lind Sunday, July 19, 2009, Bryan Peter Lind succumbed to his illness at St. Joseph's Hospital in Comox, B.C. Though Dad was diagnosed with terminal cancer in April 2008 & given a poor prognosis he went at it with a positive attitude and we were blessed with 16 months of quality time. While we knew someday it would - 'the end' seemed to come suddenly - thankfully for his sake it was quick, & merciful with his family by his side. Bryan was born in Camrose, Alberta May 12, 1930 - his growing years were spent between St. Albert, Alta & Kyuquot & Port Alberni on Vancouver Island. He started his working years in the Lumber Industry in Port Alberni. Dad joined the RCAF in 1950 - after 20 years of serving in Canada & Europe he returned to the forest industry. He retired as a Lumber Inspector from Tahsis in 1990 - he and Mom moved to the Comox Valley where his passion for golf was born. Bryan was predeceased by his Father & Mother - Martin & Eleanor Lind & his sister, Clarice Pownall. He leaves to mourn the love of his life, his wife Dorothy; five sons - Ian (Carol), Kevin (Carrie), Carl (Carole), Eric (Patti), Andy (Heidi); & his daughter Kathy Seaker (Greg). He will also be missed by his three closest grandchildren Shannon, Shayne, & Bryan; his 102 year old Auntie Kissa; his sister Doris Olstad (Bud); many nieces, nephews, cousins, & very dear friends. In lieu of flowers please make donations to St. Joseph's Hospital or a charity of your choice. We wish to extend our deepest gratitude to everyone involved in Bryan's medical care - with extra thanks to Dr. Bearstain, & most especially to Dad & Mom's family physician - Dr. Thomas Gornall. Memorial Service to be held on Saturday, July 25th from 11:00 am - 1:00 pm @ the Courtenay Legion, 367 Cliffe Avenue. Arrangements entrusted to Comox Valley Funeral Home, Cremation & Reception Centre, Courtenay, B.C. (250) 334-0707 
\par 
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3571\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2361}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}K{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RYAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 IND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5478\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 AN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 IND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5479\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 EVIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 IND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5480\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 IND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5481\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ARL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 IND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5482\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RIC}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 IND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5483\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NDREW}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 IND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 214.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild214   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5164\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ENNIFER}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ACNAUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 AIG}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3505\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 UNN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5165\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ANLEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5165\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5164}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ENNIFER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ACNAUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ANLEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5166\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ANLEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5167\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ANLEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 215.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild215   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3004\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LDON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3002\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ACK }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5473\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2363\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1922, and died September 8, 2004.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3720\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst O{\fs16 PAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 RASER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3706\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3707}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 OLIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 RASER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born April 10, 1921, and died June 6, 2005 in Calgary.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3004\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LDON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Died 2: September 2004}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3720\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst O{\fs16 PAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 RASER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
 Calgary Herald   June 9, 2005
\par > DICK _ Opal 1921 - 2005 Opal Dick of Calgary passed away peacefully on
\par > Monday, June 6, 2005 at the age of 84 years. Opal was born on April 10, 
\par > 1921
\par > in Bay du Vin, NB, and is survived by her four children and their 
\par > families,
\par > Stephen Dick of Rocky Mountain House, AB, Carolyn Haggart of Walsh, AB, 
\par > John
\par > Dick of DeWinton, AB, and Kathy Phillips of Calgary, AB; and 
\par > grandchildren,
\par > Jason Dick, Danielle and Darren Foley, Shannon Baszczynski, Carla Fundak,
\par > Victoria Dick, and Taylor Dick. Funeral Services will be held at St. John
\par > The Evangelist Anglican Church (1423 - 8 Avenue S.E.) today, June 9, 2005 
\par > at
\par > 11:00 a.m. Forward condolences through www.mcinnisandholloway.com
\par > <http://www.mcinnisandholloway.com> . In living memory of Opal Dick, a 
\par > tree
\par > will be planted by McINNIS & HOLLOWAY FUNERAL HOMES, Eastside Memorial
\par > Chapel, 5388 MEMORIAL DRIVE N.E., CALGARY. Telephone: 403-248-8585.
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3720\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst O{\fs16 PAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 RASER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Opel Fraser}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3004\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3720}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst O{\fs16 PAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 RASER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild328 328.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3008\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROLYN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3009\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3726\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast P{\fs16 HILLIPS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3010\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TEPHEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3011\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 216.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild216   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3647\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RENDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 AREN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OLLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2414\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARION}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo603\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REEMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo598\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born August 23, 1951.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4405\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 HARLES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1007\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2776}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 LORIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3647\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RENDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 AREN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OLLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Brenda Holland}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4405\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3647}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RENDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OLLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4407\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 ANYA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4408\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERI}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3665\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 ANYA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EAH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 6, 1973.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3666\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERRI}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LLISON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 21, 1975.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 217.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild217   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1401\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OLLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2414\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARION}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo603\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REEMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo598\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born August 23, 1951.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1385\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AWN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNESTINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  November 10, 1972, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1379\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo842}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EWIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UBINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born March 10, 1954.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1401\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OLLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Blaine Martin Holland}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1401\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1385}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OLLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AWN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1402\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 O-}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OLLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 21, 1973.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1403\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 EVIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OLLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 20, 1975.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 218.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild218   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1428\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2550\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5373\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2258\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born September 6, 1944.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1425\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ARMEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DITH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 WEEZEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  October 5, 1965, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1424\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo844}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 WEEZEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ENEVA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born November 23, 1947.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1428\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1425}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ARMEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 WEEZEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1429\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ODNEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 30, 1966.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1430\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 RACEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 AREN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 16, 1975.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 219.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild219   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo567\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ELDON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2280\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5373\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2258\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born June 2, 1930.  He married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1086\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .    He married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5489\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 XELDA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 EBERT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born June 9, 1938 in Laketon, NB, and died July 17, 2009.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5489\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 XELDA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 EBERT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Miramichi Leader Jul 24, 2009
\par 
\par Mary Exelda MacDonald Mrs. Mary Exelda MacDonald of Miramichi, NB, passed away on Friday, July 17, 2009 at the Miramichi Regional Hospital. Born in Laketon, NB, on June 9, 1938 she was the daughter of the late Vital and Mary (Meunier) Hebert. She was a homemaker and is survived by her husband Kenneth MacDonald, Miramichi; son Darren (Kelly), Miramichi; daughter Jeannie, Riverview; three grandchildren Kaleb, Isaiah, and Kenneth; sisters Catherine (Henry) Landry, Elvina (Harris) Jardine, Edna (Joe) Losier, Margaret (Larry) Wallace; brother Freddy Hebert, and several nieces, nephews, and cousins. She was predeceased by her parents, sisters Mamie Wedge, Eva London, Beatrice Carter, and brother Leo Hebert. At the family's request, there was no visitation at the funeral home. A memorial service was held on Wednesday, July 22, 2009 at 11 am at Maher's Funeral Home Chapel. Donations to the Canadian Cancer Society were appreciated by the family. Funeral arrangements were under the care of Maher's Funeral Home, Miramichi, NB, telephone 773-4321. 
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo567\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1086}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild329 329.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2263\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ELDON}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1958.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5769\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AUREEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1960.\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo567\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5489}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 EBERT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild330 330.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5770\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ARREN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1960.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5774\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EANNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1970; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5775\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}G{\fs16 ILLIVARY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 220.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild220   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo886\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2280\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5373\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2258\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born January 5, 1933.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1018\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 AN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2484\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2479}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SOBEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born October 16, 1934.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (152) Nan MacRae.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 221.}\ftwancgen9 \ftwancchild221   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3638\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXINE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 9} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2280\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5373\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2258\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born May 21, 1939.  She married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5378\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONOVAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1939.  She married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5782\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 TOKER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5378\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3638}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONOVAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5783\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ARRY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONOVAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1959; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5784\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ARLENE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ALLANT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. 1960.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild331 331.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5793\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONOVAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1960.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5794\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONOVAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1962.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen10 \ftwlnkchild332 332.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5795\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONOVAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1966.\par }
\par 
\par 
\pard \f7\fs20\qc\tx360{\i\b Generation No. 10}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 222.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild222   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1161\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NGELA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo840\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 EDRIC}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM }E{\fs16 ARL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born March 7, 1944\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1361\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OSEPH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 OCKSCH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  May 12, 1962.  He was born February 5, 1941.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1361\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1161}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NGELA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OSEPH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 OCKSCH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1362\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 IMBERLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 OCKSCH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 11, 1963.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1363\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ANDY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OSEPH }P{\fs16 ATRICK}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 OCKSCH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 21, 1964.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1364\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 LENN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 OCKSCH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 22, 1967.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 223.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild223   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1357\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN }E{\fs16 ARLE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo840\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 EDRIC}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM }E{\fs16 ARL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born July 12, 1947.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1365\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AURA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 LACKMORE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  February 17, 1968.  She was born April 20, 1947.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1357\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1365}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AURA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 LACKMORE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1366\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 AMMY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 30, 1968.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 224.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild224   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 HOMAS}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo840\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 EDRIC}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM }E{\fs16 ARL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born February 21, 1952.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1367\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HELLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  October 21, 1972.  She was born October 18, 1954.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1358\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1367}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HELLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1368\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ELANIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 ATRIICIA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 26, 1973.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1369\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTOPHER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 AWRENCE }D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 7, 1976.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1370\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 YLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 11, 1984.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 225.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild225   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1360\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ICHAEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo840\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 EDRIC}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM }E{\fs16 ARL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born December 18, 1956.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1371\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 LLISON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  July 11, 1981.  She was born April 29, 1957.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1360\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1371}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ICHAEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 LLISON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1372\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ATASHA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARY }A{\fs16 NGELINE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 31, 1986.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 226.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild226   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1375\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 IANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo841\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ESLEY }E{\fs16 VERETT}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born May 1, 1952.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1375\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 IANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1377\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ORGAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EIGH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast {\fs16 ?}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 1, 1982.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1378\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ATTHEW}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast {\fs16 ?}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 28, 1986.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 227.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild227   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1380\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AWSON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle O{\fs16 SBORNE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo842\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UBINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}R{\fs16 UBY) }R{\fs16 OSELLA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born February 20, 1942.  He married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1388\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ORIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  March 21, 1964.  She was born October 20, 1941.  He married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4297\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ORIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARION}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  March 21, 1964 in Loggieville, NB, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2506\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2632}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 HOMAS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ILDRED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born October 20, 1941 in Black River.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1380\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1388}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AWSON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ORIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1389\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ARREN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle O{\fs16 SBORNE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 17, 1964.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1390\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 HONDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 ARLENE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 19, 1965.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 228.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild228   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1382\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ARMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 RIAN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo842\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UBINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}R{\fs16 UBY) }R{\fs16 OSELLA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born December 3, 1944.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1391\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNETTE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EBB}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  August 19, 1972.  She was born May 24, 1941.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1382\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1391}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ARMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNETTE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EBB}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1392\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EWIS}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 12, 1973.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1393\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HANNON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 19, 1976.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 229.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild229   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1383\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 LAKE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo842\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UBINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}R{\fs16 UBY) }R{\fs16 OSELLA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born November 22, 1948.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1394\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 VELYN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  December 7, 1968.  She was born May 28, 1946.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1383\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1394}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 LAKE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 VELYN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICKSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1395\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 IMBERLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 VELYN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 20, 1969.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1396\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 EVERLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 AWN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 5, 1972.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1397\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 14, 1973.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 230.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild230   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1384\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 AYNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ERLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo842\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UBINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}R{\fs16 UBY) }R{\fs16 OSELLA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born December 27, 1950.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1398\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ETTY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  June 29, 1973.  She was born October 30, 1951.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1384\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1398}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 AYNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ETTY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1399\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ISA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 AWN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 9, 1975.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1400\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RADLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 AYNE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 25, 1978.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 231.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild231   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1385\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AWN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNESTINE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo842\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UBINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}R{\fs16 UBY) }R{\fs16 OSELLA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born March 10, 1954.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1401\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OLLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  November 10, 1972, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2687\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2414}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RTHUR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OLLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARION}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born August 23, 1951.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1401\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OLLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Blaine Martin Holland}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (217) Blaine Holland.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 232.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild232   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1387\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LDEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 RAHAM}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo842\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UBINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}R{\fs16 UBY) }R{\fs16 OSELLA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born July 2, 1959.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1404\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UDIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 NGEL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  April 6, 1984.  She was born September 12, 1963.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1387\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1404}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LDEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UDIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 NGEL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1405\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ELISSA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 28, 1985.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 233.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild233   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo157\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 IRGINIA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo299\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANKLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born August 10, 1944\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died May 28, 2006 in Black River Cemetery, Black River, NB.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo156\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 UBREY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IBSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  May 1964 in St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4937\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4940}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IBSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}L{\fs16 ENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born May 3, 1944\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo157\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 IRGINIA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Margaret V. Gibson 
\par 1944 - 2006 
\par 
\par Margaret Virginia Gibson, daughter of Mary and the late John Glendenning, of the Mount St. Joseph Nursing Home, and formerly of Black River Bridge, passed away peacefully and surrounded by her family, at her residence, on Sunday, May 28, 2006, at the age of 61.
\par 
\par Born in Chatham, she was the daughter of the late John and Mary (Watling) Glendenning. She was a homemaker and worked in the family business, Glendenning's Store, in Black River Bridge. Following her fathers death, in 1986, she assumed management of the business until its closing. She was a good and faithful member of St. Pauls Presbyterian Church, Black River Bridge; a former Sunday school teacher; a member of the Womens Missionary Society.
\par 
\par She is survived by two sons, Kevin Gibson (Linda), of Fredericton and Greg Gibson (Sarah), of McBride, B.C.; her mother, Mary Glendenning; one sister, Jean Williston (Ray), of Moncton; the 'joy of her life', her three grandchildren, Maeve, Austin and Jordan; three nieces, Julie MacPhail (Jason) and their daughter, Ella, of Lower Coverdale, Kathy Robichaud (Robert), of Maugerville, and Deborah Zaidi and her sons, Aadam, Aamir and Azeem, of Scarborough, Ont.; one nephew, Tim Williston (Geraldine) and their son, John, of Riverview; as well as numerous aunts, uncles, and cousins. She was predeceased by her father, John Glendenning; two infant brothers, Franklin and George. 
\par 
\par Visiting will be at Adams Funeral Home Ltd., 140 King Street, Miramichi, on Tuesday, from 2-4 & 7-9 pm. Funeral service will be held from St. Pauls Presbyterian Church, Black River Bridge, on Wednesday, May 31, 2006, at 2 pm, conducted by Rev. Derek Krunys. Interment will be in the Black River Community Cemetery.
\par 
\par As expressions of sympathy, donations to the MS Society, St. Pauls Presbyterian Church or any charity of the donors' choice, would be appreciated by the family. Funeral arrangements are entrusted to Adams Funeral Home Ltd., 140 King Street, Miramichi, telephone 773-3492.
\par  
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo157\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 IRGINIA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: November 12, 1944, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Email: margaret@nbnet.nb.ca}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo156\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 UBREY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IBSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo156\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo157}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IBSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild333 333.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo158\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 EVIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IBSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 24, 1966, Toronto, Ontario.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild334 334.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo159\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 REGORY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARK}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IBSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 13, 1968, Toronto, Ontario.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 234.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild234   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo299\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANKLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born July 15, 1946\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo161\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 AYMOND}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 HARLES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  June 29, 1968 in St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He was born May 9, 1945\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: May 11, 1947, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo161\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo162}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 AYMOND}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild335 335.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo163\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 IMOTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 10, 1972, Moncton, New Brunswick.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild336 336.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo164\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ULIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 30, 1975.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 235.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild235   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1407\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo843\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }M{\fs16 ERLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born December 14, 1947.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1409\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 RENE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  July 20, 1974.  She was born April 17, 1951.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1407\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Veteran of WW1;}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1407\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1409}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 RENE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1410\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ENNIFER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 29, 1977.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1411\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERT }G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 6, 1979.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1412\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM }B{\fs16 UNN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 15, 1982.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 236.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild236   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1408\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo843\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }M{\fs16 ERLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born October 3, 1949.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1413\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ATRIICIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 OWER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  January 18, 1975.  She was born October 23, 1943.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1408\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1413}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ATRIICIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 OWER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1414\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ORI}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 29, 1975.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1415\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ONI}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 20, 1977.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 237.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild237   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1417\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ANDRA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo843\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD }M{\fs16 ERLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born June 29, 1951.  She married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1419\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 AYMOND}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 ARTMALE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  September 12, 1970.  He died August 1972 in car-pedestrian accident.  She married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1421\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ANNY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 ATON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  June 29, 1974.  He was born February 11, 1954.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1419\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1417}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ANDRA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 AYMOND}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 ARTMALE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1420\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 ERRY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ENNETH }A{\fs16 LVIN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 ARTMALE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 21, 1971.\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1421\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1417}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ANDRA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ANNY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 ATON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1422\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 INDY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 ATON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 19, 1975.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 238.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild238   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1425\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ARMEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DITH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 WEEZEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo844\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ENEVA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DITH }V{\fs16 IOLA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born November 23, 1947.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1428\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  October 5, 1965, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3400\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2550}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born September 6, 1944.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (218) Edward MacDonald.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 239.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild239   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1426\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ALE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERTA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 WEEZEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo844\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ENEVA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DITH }V{\fs16 IOLA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born September 20, 1950.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1431\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 AMMOND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  December 28, 1970.  He was born March 8, 1950.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1431\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1426}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ALE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 WEEZEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 AMMOND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1432\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 AYMOND}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 AMMOND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 8, 1986.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 240.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild240   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1427\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ONITA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 WEEZEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo844\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ENEVA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DITH }V{\fs16 IOLA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born July 30, 1959.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1433\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast V{\fs16 ILLINEUVE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  October 6, 1984.  He was born September 21, 1960.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1433\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1427}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ONITA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 WEEZEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast V{\fs16 ILLINEUVE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1434\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 RISTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast V{\fs16 ILLINIEU}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 12, 1976.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1435\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ANIEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast V{\fs16 ILLINIEU}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 11, 1986.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 241.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild241   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1437\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RANT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 AWRENCE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo845\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AWRENCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born May 9, 1959.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1441\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AUREL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILHELM}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  July 20, 1984.  She was born June 2, 1962.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1437\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1441}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RANT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AUREL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILHELM}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1442\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 RIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARIE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 16, 1984.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 242.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild242   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1444\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ATHEN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo846\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ADIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }L{\fs16 EONA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born August 6, 1950.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1452\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ILLIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  August 4, 1973.  She was born May 4, 1953.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1444\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1452}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ILLIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1453\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 INA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 10, 1972.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1454\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 OBBI}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 24, 1974.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 243.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild243   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1445\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 INDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo846\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ADIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }L{\fs16 EONA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born December 7, 1951.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1455\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ARMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HAPMAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  June 3, 1972.  He was born September 25, 1951.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1455\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1445}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 INDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ARMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HAPMAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1456\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 OYD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HAPMAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 30, 1973.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1457\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ARI-LYNN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HAPMAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 25, 1974.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1458\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ICOLLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 ISA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HAPMAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 27, 1975.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1459\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ATALIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HAPMAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 27, 1975; d. September 20, 1977.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 244.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild244   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1446\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ENDALL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo846\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ADIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }L{\fs16 EONA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born February 6, 1953.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1460\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  December 13, 1975.  She was born June 15, 1952.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1446\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1460}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1461\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 ANYA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 13, 1976; d. September 20, 1977.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1462\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHATHAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALTER }W{\fs16 ATHEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 5, 1978.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1463\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ILL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 23, 1980.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 245.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild245   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1447\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RCHIBALD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo846\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ADIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }L{\fs16 EONA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born February 24, 1954.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1464\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UDITH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 INGSTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  May 10, 1986.  She was born January 4, 1957.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1447\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1464}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UDITH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 INGSTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1465\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ELANIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 ERN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 25, 1979.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1466\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 YLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OY }M{\fs16 INOR}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 12, 1986.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 246.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild246   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1448\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 UDREY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARGARET }C{\fs16 LARA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo846\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ADIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }L{\fs16 EONA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born May 13, 1955.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1467\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ULLIVER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  June 23, 1973.  He was born October 11, 1954.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1467\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1448}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 UDREY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 CLENAGHAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ULLIVER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1468\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NTHONY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE }D{\fs16 AVIS}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ULLIVER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 29, 1980.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1469\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HANNON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 UDREY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ULLIVER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 17, 1984.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 247.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild247   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo28\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UDITH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo25\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 ETERS}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born May 21, 1953 in Newcastle, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died February 3, 2000.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo37\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 AUL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANKLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ORTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  February 3, 1973 in St. Paul's Pres., Black River, Black River Br., N. B.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He was born August 24, 1947\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo28\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UDITH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
The Moncton times of February 3, 2000, reported:
\par "Judy L Morton, 46, of Marina Drive, Moncton and formerly of Black River Bridge passed away at the Dr. Georges-L Dumont Hospital on Thursday, February 3, 2000.
\par Born in Newcastle, Judy was the daughter of Norm and Jean (Watling) Glendenning of Black Rver Bridge.  Judy was a member of  St. Andrews Presbyterian Curch, the Thursday Night Bible Study Class, the Couples Club and former Secretary fo Block Parents for the West End and Salisbury Road.
\par Besides her parents, Judy will be sadly missed by her husband of twenty-seven years, Paul Morton; daughter, Kelli, at home; two sons, Danny (Tammy), Irishtown, Trevor (Shelly), Moncton; Sisters: Eileen Glendenning, Black River Bridge, Loisanne Gregan (Lynn), Hardwicke; brothers, Alton, Eric (Jeannie), Black River Bridge; several nieces and nephews.
\par Resting at Ferguson Knowles Funeral Home, 1657 Mountain Road, Moncton (858-1995).  Visitation Saturday 2-4,7-9.  Service at St. Andrew's Presbyterial Church, Park St., Moncton, Sunday February 6, 2000, 3pm, Rev. Dr. Martin Kreplin, Rev. Phillip Crowell, Pastor Rick Thomas officiating.  Reception in the church hall following the service.  Interment in the black river Cemetery.
\par In Judy's memory, donations to the memorial of your choice would be appreciated by her family."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo28\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UDITH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Black River Cemetery.\par 
Christening: December 20, 1953, St. Paul's Pres., Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo37\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo28}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UDITH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 AUL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ORTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo38\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ELLI}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ORTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. April 11, 1974, Moncton, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo38\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ELLI}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ORTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: June 16, 1974, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild337 337.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo39\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ANNY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 AUL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ORTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 26, 1975, Moncton, New Brunswick.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild338 338.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo40\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 REVOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 ALE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ORTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 14, 1977, Moncton, New Brunswick.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 248.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild248   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo30\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 OISANNE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo25\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 ETERS}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born May 19, 1960 in Miramichi Hosp, Newcastle, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5911\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  October 9, 1982 in St. Paul's Pres., Black River, Black River Br., N. B.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2123\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born January 30, 1958 in St. Joseph's Hospital, Dalhousie, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo30\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 OISANNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: January 1, 1961, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Email: Greganl@hotmail.com}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5911\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo30}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 OISANNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo35\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ATTHEW}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. August 17, 1984, Miramichi Hosp, Newcastle, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo36\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTOPHER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OSEPH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. May 21, 1986, Miramichi Hosp, Newcastle, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 249.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild249   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo31\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RIC}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo25\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 ETERS}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born August 26, 1965 in Miramichi Hosp, Newcastle, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo32\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OMEAU}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  June 11, 1988 in St. Andrews, Rom. Cath. Ch., Loggieville, N. B.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born July 14, 1965\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo31\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RIC}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: January 2, 1966, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo31\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo32}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RIC}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OMEAU}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo33\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ARRET}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. August 13, 1992, Miramichi Hospital, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 250.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild250   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1471\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 EVERLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo847\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ERBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born July 2, 1952.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1474\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERALDINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 LYNN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  in Jul 29 1978.  She was born April 29, 1955.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1471\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1474}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 EVERLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERALDINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 LYNN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1475\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 MY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 18, 1983.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1476\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 12, 1984.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 251.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild251   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1472\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo847\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ERBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born November 29, 1954.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1477\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast V{\fs16 OTH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  February 28, 1975.  He was born May 14, 1954.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1477\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1472}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast V{\fs16 OTH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1478\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ATTHEW }J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast V{\fs16 OTH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 3, 1984.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 252.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild252   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1481\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 LARENCE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo848\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 LARENCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ORRISON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born October 1, 1958.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1483\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ENISE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 AYCOCK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  September 29, 1984.  She was born July 10, 1957.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1481\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1483}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 LARENCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ENISE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 AYCOCK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1484\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ODY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES }B{\fs16 RIAN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 16, 1985.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1485\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ALE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 HARLES }M{\fs16 ORRISON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 28, 1986.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 253.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild253   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1493\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HERYL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo850\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst O{\fs16 SBORNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ANFORD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo616\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo576\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born July 25, 1958.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1496\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 EECRAFT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  July 21, 1977.  He was born May 30, 1956.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1496\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1493}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HERYL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 EECRAFT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1497\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ACHEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NNNE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 EECRAFT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 29, 1983.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1498\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 REVEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NDREW }W{\fs16 ELLESLEY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 EECRAFT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 6, 1985.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 254.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild254   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2337\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 OODS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2334\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 ARLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DGAR}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 DGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2327\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 HRISTENA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5861\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1035\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2337\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 OODS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3581\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 OODS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 255.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild255   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2123\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1034\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ERLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDRA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo560\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo365\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}K{\fs16 ATE)}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2123\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild339 339.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5911\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 30, 1958, St. Joseph's Hospital, Dalhousie, NB.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 256.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild256   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5374\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 EGGY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo886\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2280\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5373\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2258\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1955.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5776\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HARLES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1954.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5776\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5374}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HARLES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5777\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OAN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1981.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5778\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 RAVIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ALMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1984.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 257.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild257   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5376\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo886\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2280\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5373\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2258\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1962.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5779\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ICHAEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 KIDD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1965.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5779\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5376}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ICHAEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 KIDD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5780\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 YAN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 KIDD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1997.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 258.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild258   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo431\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ERA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 EA }C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3234\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 RENUS}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo376\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born February 6, 1927.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4257\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ORNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AUGHILL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  August 31, 1946 in Niagara Falls, Ont.  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4257\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo431}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ERA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ORNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AUGHILL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4290\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HELLEY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AUGHILL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4291\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ESLEE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AUGHILL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4292\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RUCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AUGHILL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NDREA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AUGHILL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 259.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild259   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2030\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ARTLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 RVING }A{\fs16 DOPTED}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HASE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo433\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 ERTRUDE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo376\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born July 30, 1922 in Loggieville, N.B, and died in Australia.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5541\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast {\fs16 JOAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2030\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ARTLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 RVING }A{\fs16 DOPTED}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HASE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Son of James Adams and Ella Watling}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2030\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ARTLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 RVING }A{\fs16 DOPTED}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HASE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Baptism: 1926, United Church, Loggieville, NB}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2030\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5541}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ARTLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HASE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamelast {\fs16 JOAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2041\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TEPHEN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HASE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2042\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HASE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2043\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HASE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2044\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HARON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HASE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2045\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HASE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 260.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild260   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4261\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ORNE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo432\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLARD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo376\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4262\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LICE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1219\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo936}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARION}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1928.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4261\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4262}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ORNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5204\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ORNA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5205\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 261.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild261   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1596\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo444\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LBRIDGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo378\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born March 22, 1940.  She married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1969\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 .}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 .}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 ONDREAU}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  1950 in Berlin, NH.  He was born in Berlin, NH.  She married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1598\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 THERTON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  1965.  He was born in Unity, NH.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1969\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1596}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 .}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 ONDREAU}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2619\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 ONDREAU}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 17, 1961, Sarasota, Florida.\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1598\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1596}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1599\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 17, 1961, Sarasota, Florida.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1599\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Adopted son from first marriage.}
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1600\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 .}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 18, 1965, Wickford, Rhode Island.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1600\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 .}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Born Mark Tondreau and adopted by Jim and Tina Newton.}
}\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 262.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild262   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo457\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo448\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }A{\fs16 DOPTED}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo379\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born April 4, 1942.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2064\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ORENA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OYCE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ENNETT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo457\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Alex was raised by John R and Janet (Watling) Godfrey but never adopted.  His mother died young leaving 7 children who were raised in different homes.  Brothers and sisters included Janet, Katherine, Ruby, John, Alice and James}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo457\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2064}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ORENA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ENNETT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3662\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ORENA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARLENE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 30, 1968.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3663\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RIC}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 8, 1971.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 263.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild263   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2065\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo448\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }A{\fs16 DOPTED}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo379\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born September 12, 1946.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2066\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UTH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IBERSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born June 30, 1950.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2065\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2066}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UTH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IBERSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5185\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARK}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 3, 1978.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5186\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RENT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 30, 1979.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5187\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARLENE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 3, 1983.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 264.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild264   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo458\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LLIOT}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo448\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }A{\fs16 DOPTED}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo379\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born August 5, 1948.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2067\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ATRICIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born April 12, 1948.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo458\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2067}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ATRICIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3659\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 IMBERLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 7, 1967.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3660\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 RISTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 3, 1972.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3661\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ORENA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 AYE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 2, 1975.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 265.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild265   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo459\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROLYN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo448\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }A{\fs16 DOPTED}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo379\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born January 20, 1951.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo456\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ATCHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo456\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo459}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROLYN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ATCHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5188\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 OLLEN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ATCHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 26, 1978.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5189\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ENNY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OSE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ATCHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 29, 1980.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5190\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ATCHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 8, 1982.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 266.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild266   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo460\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARION}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 STHER}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo448\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }A{\fs16 DOPTED}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo379\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born December 26, 1952.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2063\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ASDIYAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 OTHARI}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2063\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo460}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARION}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 EWTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ASDIYAL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 OTHARI}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5191\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ARSHAN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 OTHARI}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 2, 1985.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5192\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 SHA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 OTHARI}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 28, 1987.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 267.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild267   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo450\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 ERTRUDE }A{\fs16 DAMS}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo447\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ODFREY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo379\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born May 22, 1933.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo451\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo451\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo450}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo452\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UDY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. June 4, 1954.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo453\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ODNEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM }B{\fs16 ERNARD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. September 13, 1955.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo454\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 EENA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 THYL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. April 24, 1959.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo455\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HERRI}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 RAYCE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. September 22, 1961.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3654\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 AREN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 1, 1963.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 268.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild268   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo470\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast Y{\fs16 OUNG}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo463\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo381\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born 1950.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2225\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 LENDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast V{\fs16 YE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2225\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo470}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast Y{\fs16 OUNG}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 LENDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast V{\fs16 YE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3969\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 MANDA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast V{\fs16 YE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild340 340.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3968\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast V{\fs16 YE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 269.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild269   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo479\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ORRIE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo467\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle N{\fs16 EIL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo381\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5081\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ICHELLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 INGSTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo479\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5081}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ORRIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ICHELLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 INGSTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5082\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ENJAMIN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5083\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst Z{\fs16 ACHERY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5084\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALLORY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 270.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild270   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo480\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo467\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle N{\fs16 EIL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo381\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5085\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HERNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5085\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo480}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HERNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5086\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARAH}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HERNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5087\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 AMUEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HERNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 271.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild271   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo481\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo467\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle N{\fs16 EIL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo381\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born February 10, 1964.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5088\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 UBASA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5088\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo481}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 UBASA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5089\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 MILY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 UBASA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5090\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst O{\fs16 LIVIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 UBASA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5091\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 UBASA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 272.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild272   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo100\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo84\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born June 2, 1937 in Medford, MA USA.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo99\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OPPLA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  June 21, 1958 in Baptist Church, Malden, U. S. A.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He was born June 2, 1933 in Chelsea, MA\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died March 10, 2001 in Malden, MA, USA.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo99\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OPPLA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
The Boston Globe on March 10, 2001 included the following:
\par Coppla, John A.
\par Of Malden, March 10th. John A. Coppla.  Beloved husband of Barbara (Smith) of Malden.  Devoted son of Mary Coppla of Malden.  Loving father of John A. Jr. of Malden, Charles L. of FL, and Ellen J DiBenedetto of Medford.  Brother of Camille Eston of FL, Fran Foss of SD, Domenic Coppla of NV, and Mary Ann French of FL.  Grandfather of Elizabeth, Jessica, Sarah & Rachel Coppla, all of Malden, and Juliana DiBenedetto of Medford.  Funeral services will be held at the Maplewood Baptist Church , 729 Salem Street, Malden on Tues., March 13 at 10:00 A.M.  Visitation will be held at the Weit MacCuish Golden Rule Funeral Home, 144Saldem Street, MALDEN on Monday from 2-4 and 7-o P.M.  Donations to John's memory may be made to the Memorial Fund of the Maplewood Baptist Chruch, 729 Salem Street, Malden, MA  02148"...}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo99\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OPPLA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Forestdale Cemetery}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo99\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo100}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OPPLA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild341 341.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo101\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OPPLA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnamesuffix {\fs16 , }J{\fs16 R.}\ftwnamesuffixend \ftwnameend , b. February 24, 1960, Malden, MA, USA.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo102\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HARLES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OPPLA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. October 28, 1963, Malden, MA, USA\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1574\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LENI}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 APADOPOLIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , June 19, 1993, Boston, MA.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo102\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HARLES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OPPLA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Email: Chuck1028@aol.com}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild342 342.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo103\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OPPLA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 5, 1966, Malden  USA.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 273.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild273   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo104\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AWRENCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo84\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born February 25, 1942\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died June 24, 1996.  He married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo105\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 IANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 ADEAU}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .    He married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo107\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ATTIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo104\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AWRENCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Judith Gaines of the Boston globe wrote the following:
\par 
\par "A funeral Mass will be said today for Lawrence Albert Smith, 55, a gregarious and hard=working concessioner known to his customers as "The Great one."  He died on June 24 in his Somerville home of heart failure.
\par According to his wife, Sue (Rattie) smith, Mr. smith began selling popcorn and soda pop in the stands in Boston at age 16, after he was caught by security guards sneaking into a hockey game.
\par "What are you doing here." the security guard asked.
\par "Looking for the employment office," said Mr. Smith who was always quick with a comeback.  Personnel agents subsequently hired him as a vendor.
\par He later warned  friends "Don't ever sneak into a hockey game because they'll give you a job and you'll be there for life."
\par After working as a vendor in the stands, he sold souvenirs and other novelties at a concession stand for 38 years at Boston Garden.  When it closed, he sold programs at the Fleet Centre.  He is the only concessionaire ever named to the Boston Garden Hall of Fame.
\par A big, muscular man who was about six-feet tall and weighed more than 300 pounds, "The Great One" had an expansive personality.  He was always ready to pitch in with whatever needed to be done, his wife said, and he liked telling jokes.
\par "His customers would bring him jokes, and he liked to have new ones to tell him every night." she said.  "he was really good with people."
\par In addition to his wife, he leaves a son, Mark, of Springfield; three daughters, Julie, Melissa and Stacy, all of Somerville; his sister, Barbara Coppla, of Malden; and a  granddaughter.
\par The funeral Mass will be said at 10:00 am at St. Ann's Church in Somerville.  Burial will be in Holy Cross Cemetery in Malden."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo104\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AWRENCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Holy Cross Cemetery, Malden, Mass.}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo107\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ATTIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Email: frylady@aol.com}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo104\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo105}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AWRENCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 IANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 ADEAU}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild343 343.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo106\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARK}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 15, 1968.\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo104\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo107}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AWRENCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ATTIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo108\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ULIE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. January 11, 1976\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild344 344.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo109\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ELISSA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RIN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 11, 1980.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo110\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TACY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. June 5, 1985\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 274.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild274   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo111\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TEPHEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo295\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born August 14, 1940\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo112\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OUSTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  May 1963 in Toronto\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .    He married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo114\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 OJICKI}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  Abt. 1985.    He married (3) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo115\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROLYN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OUSTOS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  Abt. 1995.  She was born December 25, 1950.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo111\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TEPHEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: September 22, 1940\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo111\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo112}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TEPHEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OUSTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild345 345.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo113\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 IMBERLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 9, 1969, Toronto, Ontario.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 275.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild275   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo117\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo295\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born April 20, 1950 in Chatham, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo116\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ICHAEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  August 8, 1970 in St. Andrews Presbyterian Church, Moncton, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He was born March 8, 1950 in Moncton, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo117\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: June 18, 1950, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Email: mrmurray@rogers.ca}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo116\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo117}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ICHAEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild346 346.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo118\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TEPHEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ICHAEL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 10, 1974, Moncton, New Brunswick.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild347 347.\ftwlnkend \tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo119\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HELLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 AWN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 18, 1976, Moncton, New Brunswick.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild348 348.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo120\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 RISTY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 17, 1981, Moncton, NB.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 276.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild276   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo122\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ARLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 OUISE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo295\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born June 27, 1958 in Moncton Hospital\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo121\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 HOMAS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 LEWELLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  September 1, 1979 in Moncton, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He was born September 20, 1959 in Moncton Hospital\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo122\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ARLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 OUISE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: August 31, 1958\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Email 1: thezoo@auracom.com\par 
Email 2: Cflewelling@rogers.ca}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo121\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo122}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ARLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 HOMAS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 LEWELLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo123\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 EGHAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 OUISE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 LEWELLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. July 31, 1983, Moncton, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo124\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ICHELLE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 LEWELLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. April 29, 1985, Moncton, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4209\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ENJAMIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OEL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 ICKERSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo125\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ICHAEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 HOMAS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 LEWELLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. March 23, 1989, Moncton, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 277.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild277   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo126\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 LENN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo296\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ENETIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born July 11, 1939 in Hotel Dieu Hospital, Chatham\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3843\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARILYN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 LLIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  July 8, 1961 in Bathurst, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3841\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3842}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AYNARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 LLIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DITH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast O{\fs16 '}C{\fs16 ONNOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born September 26, 1940\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo126\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 LENN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: August 13, 1939, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3843\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARILYN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 LLIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Marilyn Mae Ellis\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo126\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3843}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 LENN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARILYN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 LLIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild349 349.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo128\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 UZANNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ATHLEEN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 20, 1962, Miramichi Hosp, Newcastle, New Brunswick.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 278.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild278   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo131\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EONARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 YRON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo296\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ENETIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born February 13, 1942 in Hotel Dieu Hospital, Chatham\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo132\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 LENNA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 ILLIAN }E{\fs16 DWINA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 LLIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  June 27, 1964 in Bathurst, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3841\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3842}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AYNARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 LLIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DITH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast O{\fs16 '}C{\fs16 ONNOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born October 23, 1941\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo131\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EONARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 YRON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: September 20, 1942, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Email: Lrussel@bud.peinet.pe.ca}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo131\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo132}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EONARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 LENNA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 LLIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo133\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ONATHON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 AUL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. December 1, 1968, Chatham, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1641\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERRI}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}C{\fs16 ARTHY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , May 20, 2000, Summerside; b. December 1, 1966.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo133\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ONATHON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 AUL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: April 20, 1969\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 279.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild279   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo135\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONNA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARILYN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo296\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ENETIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born December 15, 1944 in Chatham, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo134\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 ERNON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OODFELLOW}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  July 12, 1969 in St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He was born July 4, 1945 in Newcastle, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo135\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONNA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARILYN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: July 22, 1945, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Email: vernong@nbnet.nb.ca}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo134\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo135}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONNA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OODFELLOW}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild350 350.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo136\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OODFELLOW}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 20, 1976, Newcastle, NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo137\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OODFELLOW}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. January 1, 1978, Miramichi Hosp, Newcastle, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo137\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OODFELLOW}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: June 25, 1978, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo138\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 MY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OODFELLOW}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. February 26, 1980, Miramichi Hosp, Newcastle, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo138\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 MY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OODFELLOW}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: February 1, 1981, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo139\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 ICHARD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OODFELLOW}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. February 11, 1982, Miramichi Hosp, Newcastle, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo139\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 ICHARD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OODFELLOW}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: December 12, 1982, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 280.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild280   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo140\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LLERY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo297\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born October 10, 1940\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo141\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EOTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 ICKERSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  1959\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born March 31, 1943\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He met (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5939\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ERNADENE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ALSH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  1987.  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo140\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo141}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EOTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 ICKERSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild351 351.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo142\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 AREN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EOTA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 31, 1960, Harvey Station, New Brunswick, Canada.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo143\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ICHAEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. June 5, 1961\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. June 9, 1961\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo143\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ICHAEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Presbyterian Cemetry, Harvey Station}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo144\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ARLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 AWN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. August 9, 1962\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo140\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5939}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ERNADENE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ALSH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild352 352.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5940\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ATRICIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OY }M{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ALSH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 18, 1987, Saint John, NB.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 281.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild281   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo145\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 RYDONE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo297\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born February 18, 1942\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo146\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ORIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 LAIR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born July 7, 1943\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo151\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 EVERLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 ILVA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born August 5, 1941 in Springhilln, NS.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo145\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo146}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ORIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 LAIR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild353 353.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo147\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ENDY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 18, 1963.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5537\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 7, 1967.\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5537\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 EATH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Adopted by grandparents Weeks}
}\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo145\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo151}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 EVERLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 ILVA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild354 354.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo152\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 ISA }E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 19, 1968, Saint John, NB.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild355 355.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo153\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ITCHELL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 22, 1973, Saint John, NB.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 282.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild282   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo165\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo300\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born July 6, 1940\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died December 19, 1994 in Bathurst, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo166\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 EALY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  May 16, 1964\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born August 23, 1940\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died December 19, 1994 in Bathurst, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo165\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Gerald and Elaine (Sealy) Taylor were killed in a car accident just south of Bathurst; I have a photocopy of a clipping, believed to be from the NB Power Newsletter,  which reads as follows:
\par "Gerald Ernest Taylor
\par The death of Gerald Ernest Taylor of Upper Kent, NB occurred suddenly by accident on Monday, December 19, 1994.  Gerald was the son of the late Earl and Elinor Taylor of Black River Bridge, N.B.
\par He was employed by the New Brunswick Electric Power Commission for the past 31 years, 30 of those years in the Beechwood Generating Station.  He was a member of the IBEW Local 2309.  He was a member of the Royal Canadian Legion and the Perth Andover Curling Club and held various positions.
\par In 1964 he married Elaine Sealy of Canobie, N.B.
\par He is survived by four sons; Douglas, Terrence, Jeffery and Daniel, all of Upper Kent, N.B.; daughter-in-law, Lillian; two grandchildren, Joshua and infant granddaughter Asley Elaine; four brothers, Robert, Kenneth and David from Black River Bridge, N.B. and Frank of Chatham, N.B.; two sisters, Sandra (Mrs Eugene Shea) of Douglastown, N.B., and Ginny, (Mrs Benson Harris) of Brantford, Ontario, and several nephews and nieces.
\par The funeral service was held Dec. 22, from Kircollins Funeral Home, Bath, N.B. Rev. David Hewett officiated, and special music was presented by Winston and Isobel Morton singing Amazing Grace and Precious Lord Take My Hand.
\par Pallbearers were: Norman Ingraham, Jim Cummings, George Kelly, Wavel DeMerchant, Ken Dionne, and Rick St. Peter.
\par Interment was made in the Wharton Cemetery, Upper Kent, NB.
\par A reception was held at the Knights of Columbus in Bath, N.B., organized by the Upper Kent U.C.W. and Women's Institute."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo165\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Upper Kent, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Christening: September 22, 1940\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo166\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 EALY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Gerald and Elaine (Sealy) Taylor were killed in a car accident just south of Bathurst; I have a photocopy of a clipping, believed to be from the NB Power Newsletter,  which reads as follows:
\par "Gerald Ernest Taylor
\par The death of Gerald Ernest Taylor of Upper Kent, NB occurred suddenly by accident on Monday, December 19, 1994.  Gerald was the son of the late Earl and Elinor Taylor of Black River Bridge, N.B.
\par He was employed by the New Brunswick Electric Power Commission for the past 31 years, 30 of those years in the Beechwood Generating Station.  He was a member of the IBEW Local 2309.  He was a member of the Royal Canadian Legion and the Perth Andover Curling Club and held various positions.
\par In 1964 he married Elaine Sealy of Canobie, N.B.
\par He is survived by four sons; Douglas, Terrence, Jeffery and Daniel, all of Upper Kent, N.B.; daughter-in-law, Lillian; two grandchildren, Joshua and infant granddaughter Asley Elaine; four brothers, Robert, Kenneth and David from Black River Bridge, N.B. and Frank of Chatham, N.B.; two sisters, Sandra (Mrs Eugene Shea) of Douglastown, N.B., and Ginny, (Mrs Benson Harris) of Brantford, Ontario, and several nephews and nieces.
\par The funeral service was held Dec. 22, from Kircollins Funeral Home, Bath, N.B. Rev. David Hewett officiated, and special music was presented by Winston and Isobel Morton singing Amazing Grace and Precious Lord Take My Hand.
\par Pallbearers were: Norman Ingraham, Jim Cummings, George Kelly, Wavel DeMerchant, Ken Dionne, and Rick St. Peter.
\par Interment was made in the Wharton Cemetery, Upper Kent, NB.
\par A reception was held at the Knights of Columbus in Bath, N.B., organized by the Upper Kent U.C.W. and Women's Institute."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo166\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 EALY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: Upper Kent, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo165\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo166}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 EALY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild356 356.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo167\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 SHLEY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 17, 1965.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo168\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EFFREY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ARL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. October 12, 1966\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 ERRENCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NDREW}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. May 22, 1970\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo170\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ANIEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 ATRICK}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. March 1, 1973\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 283.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild283   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo171\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 ARL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo300\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born May 9, 1942\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo171\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 ARL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: July 11, 1943, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo171\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 ARL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild357 357.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo172\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 OBBI}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 24, 1974, Toronto, Ontario.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 284.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild284   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo174\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ANDRA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo300\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born May 9, 1943\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 UGENE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 HEA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  June 29, 1962 in St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He was born November 20, 1931, and died May 29, 2003.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo174\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ANDRA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: July 11, 1943, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 UGENE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 HEA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
The web site of the Adams Funeral Home Ltd 0n May 29, 2003 carried the following:
\par "Mr. N. Eugene Shea, husband of Sandra Shea, of the MacKinnon Road, Miramichi, passed away at his residence on Thursday, May 29, 2003 at the age of 71.
\par Born in Ferry Road, he was the son of the late Edward and Helen (Logie) Shea.  He was a plumber by trade, and a retired employee of the Dept. of National Defence at the former Chatham AFB.  He was a member of Calvin Presbyterian Church, Miramichi.
\par He is survived by his wife, the former Sandra Taylor; two daughters, Darla Burns (Wayne), and Natalie Mills (Garth), all of Miramichi; one son, Kirk Shea (Tracy) of Miramichi; three sisters, Eleanor Goodwin (Earl), of Miramichi, Margaret MacKenzie, of Sudbury, ON; one granddaughter, Erin, Burns; as well as numerous nieces and nephews.  He was predeceased by his parents.
\par Mr. N. Eugene Shea is resting at Adams Funeral Home Ltd., 140 King St., with visiting on Saturday only from 2-4 and 7-9 pm.  Funeral service will be held from Calvin Presbyterian Church, o Sunday, June 1, 2003 at 2 conducted by Rev. Phillip Crowell.  Interment will be in the Moorfield Cemetery.
\par As expressions of sympathy, donations to the Extra Mural Nursing Program, or any charity of the donor's choice, would be appreciated by the family" ...}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo173\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo174}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ANDRA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 UGENE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 HEA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild358 358.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo175\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ARLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 HEA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 5, 1962.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo176\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ATALIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 AWN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 HEA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. July 7, 1969\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1135\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ARTH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , June 25, 1992\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; b. April 5, 1964\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo176\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ATALIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 AWN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 HEA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: August 24, 1969, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild359 359.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo177\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 IRK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 HEA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 11, 1971, Miramichi Hosp, Newcastle, New Brunswick.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 285.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild285   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo178\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo300\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born March 16, 1945 in Loggieville, New Brunswick, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , and died January 20, 1999 in Miramichi Hospital, New Brunswick, Canada.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo179\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 HODA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 EEPING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born September 22, 1944 in Newfoundland\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo178\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
A newspaper clipping, actual paper and date unknown, reads as follows:
\par "Mr. David W. Taylor
\par 1945 - 1999
\par MIRAMICHI - Mr. David Walter Taylor, husband of Rhoda Taylor, of Black River Bridge, passed away at the Miramichi Regional Hospital on Wednesday, January 20, 1999 at the age of 53.
\par Born in Chatham, he was the son of the late Earl and Elinor (Glendinning) Taylor.  Prior to his retirement, he was an employee of the Department of National Defence at the former CFB Chatham, employed as a Preventative Maintenance Inspector, a member of Branch #2, Royal Canadian Legion auxiliary; an adherent of St. Paul's Presbyterian Church, Black River Bridge.
\par He is survived by his wife, the former Rhoda Keeping, one daughter, Paula Taylor, of Black River Bridge, one son, Mark, and his wife Elizabeth, of Napan; two sisters, Mrs. Eugene Shea, Sandra, of Miramichi, and Mrs. Benson Harris, Virginia, of Brantford, ON; three brothers, Robert Taylor and Kenneth Taylor and his wife, Lynn, all of Black river Bridge, and Frank Tayler and his wife, Rose Marie, of Miramichi; as well asw several nieces and nephews.  he was predeceased by one brother, Gerald Taylor and his wife Elaine.
\par Remains are resting at Adams Funeral Home Ltd., 140 King Street, with visiting hours on Thursday evening from 7-9 pm and Friday from 2-4 and 7-9 pm.  Funeral services will be held from Adams Funeral Chapel;l on 
\par Saturday, January 23, 1999 at 2:00 pm, conducted by Rev. Dr. Philip Crowell.  Interment will be in the Black River Community Cemetery, in the spring.
\par As expressions of sympathy, donations to the Canadian diabetes Association, the Canadian Cancer society, or a charity of the donor's choice would be appreciated by the family. ..."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo178\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: July 22, 1945, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo179\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 HODA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 EEPING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Medical Information: asdfghj







}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo178\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo179}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 HODA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 EEPING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild360 360.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo180\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARK}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 18, 1967.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo181\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 AULA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 RACEY }E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. August 12, 1968\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1145\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ANDERVILLE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; b. July 6, 1956\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 286.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild286   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo183\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 IRGINNIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo300\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born March 29, 1947\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo182\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ENSON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ARRIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He was born October\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo183\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 IRGINNIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: May 11, 1947\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo182\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo183}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 IRGINNIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ENSON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ARRIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild361 361.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo184\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HAWN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 ENSON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ARRIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 8, 1970, Simcoe, Ontario.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo185\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 RISTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ARRIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. December 15, 1972, Moncton, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3761\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ASON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo185\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 RISTA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ARRIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: January 23, 1972, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 287.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild287   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo186\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LMER}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo300\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born October 29, 1949\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo187\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OSE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 ASTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  November 24, 1967 in Free Methodist Church, Simcoe, Ontario, daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1586\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1587}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 ASTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 ILLINS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born January 30, 1950 in Norfolk Genenral Hospital, Simcoe, Ontario\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo186\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LMER}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: June 18, 1950, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo186\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo187}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OSE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 ASTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild362 362.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo188\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 MANDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARIE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 12, 1968, Norfolk General Hospital, Simcoe, Ontario.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo189\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HERYL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARGARET }J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. November 16, 1972, Miramichi Hospital,  NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild363 363.\ftwlnkend \tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo190\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 OREEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 11, 1975, Miramichi Hospital,  NB.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 288.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild288   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo44\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 EITH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo42\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LMER}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born March 1, 1947\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo45\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UTH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 TTINGER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  October 2, 1971 in Pembroke, Ontario\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born September 15, 1950 in Northern Quebec\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo44\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo45}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 UTH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 TTINGER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild364 364.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo47\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ENNIFER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 14, 1972, Ottawa Civic Hos, Ottawa, Ontario.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo48\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 EREK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NDREW}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. February 27, 1975, Ottawa Civic Hos, Ottawa, Ontario\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; d. January 13, 1977, IWK Hosp, Halifax, Nova Scotia\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo48\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 EREK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NDREW}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Date and newspaper unknown 
\par  "Derek Glendenning  CHATHAM (Special) -  The death of Derek Andrew Glendenning, two year old son of Keith and Ruth (Ettinger) Glendenning occurred at the Isaac Walton Killam Hospital in Halifax Thursday after a brief illness.
\par He is survived by his parents, one sister, Jennifer, at home; his maternal grandparents, Mr. and Mrs Lorne Ettinger, Pettawawa; his paternal grandparents, Mr. and Mrs Kenneth Glendenning, Centre Napan.
\par The body is resting at Adams Funeral Home here, where the funeral and committal service will be held this afternoon at 2 pm The body will be placed in the Black River Bridge community vault for interment in the spring."}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo48\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 EREK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NDREW}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Burial: 1977, Black River Cem., Black River, N.B.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo49\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ESLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. October 11, 1977, Miramichi Hosp, Newcastle, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 289.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild289   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo46\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OREEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo42\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LMER}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born February 25, 1949 in Chatham, N.B., New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo51\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 ENNIS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 ICOL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  August 6, 1979 in Knox Pres. Ch., Ottawa, Ontario\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo500\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo501}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 ICOL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 NGLISH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born January 28, 1930 in on Farm, Quill Lake, Saskatchewan\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo46\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OREEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Baptism: January 15, 1950\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Christening: January 15, 1950, St. Andrews Ch., Moncton, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Email: Bobbin2sew@aol.com}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo51\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo46}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OREEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 ICOL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo52\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OREEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 LENDA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 ICOL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. January 16, 1983, Ottawa Civic Hos, Ottawa, Ontario\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo52\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OREEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 LENDA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast N{\fs16 ICOL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Baptism: June 18, 1983\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Christening: June 16, 1983, Knox Pres. Ch., Ottawa, Ontario\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 290.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild290   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo20\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo18\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST }M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born January 2, 1962 in Martinsville, Indiana, USA\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo22\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AROTA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  August 28, 1983 in Charlottetown, P. E. I.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1162\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1163}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARIO}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AROTA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 STELLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 IELD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born February 25, 1958 in California, USA\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo20\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Baptism: Abt. 1963, St. Timothy's Presbyterian, Ottawa\par 
Education: West Kent, Queen Charlotte Jr. High, Colonel Gray, UPEI, UBC, U of T\par 
Met spouse: In electronics course at Holland College\par 
Nationality: Dual: Canada and USA\par 
Occupation: Software Development Manager (Scientific Applications)}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo22\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AROTA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Email: marie.glendenning@gmail.com}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo20\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo22}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AROTA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo23\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ISA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AROLYN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. January 13, 1984, Toronto, Ontario, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend ; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3108\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 EVIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 EGTMEIER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo24\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AURA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. October 27, 1985, Toronto, Ontario, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 291.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild291   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4703\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ICHARD}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo484\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 LIFTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3410\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1953.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo419\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 EBRAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 YONS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4703\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo419}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ICHARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 EBRAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 YONS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3664\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ICHAEL}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4406\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 292.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild292   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5210\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ANDRA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo484\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 LIFTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3410\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1961.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5211\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ASTORINA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5211\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5210}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ANDRA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ASTORINA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5212\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OSEPH}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ASTORINA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 293.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild293   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5213\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ATRICIA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo484\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EORGE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 LIFTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3410\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1964.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5214\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 IERRE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 OY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5214\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5213}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ATRICIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 IERRE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 OY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5215\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIMY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 OY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 294.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild294   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5222\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 HONDA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ISHART}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo486\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OYCE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3410\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5222\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 HONDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ISHART}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5224\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 MY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ISHART}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5225\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 EGAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ISHART}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 295.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild295   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4898\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4733\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle N{\fs16 ED}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo538\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALLACE }W{\fs16 AITS}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4899\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HERYL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4898\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4899}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HERYL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4900\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RADEN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4901\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ODY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4902\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 RISTY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 296.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild296   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4903\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4733\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle N{\fs16 ED}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo538\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALLACE }W{\fs16 AITS}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4904\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AWRENCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 ORWARD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4904\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4903}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AWRENCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 ORWARD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4905\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 COTT}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 ORWARD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 297.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild297   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4910\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4908\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }M{\fs16 ACNAUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo539\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born May 10, 1963.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4911\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 EATHER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 AULNIER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4910\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4911}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 EATHER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 AULNIER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4912\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RAD}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4913\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 URTIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 298.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild298   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4776\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALLACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 OWARD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2095\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 WILA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 AZEL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born January 23, 1930.  He married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4786\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OLLINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 RUNESKI}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  in March 18 1994.  She was born April 22, 1933.  He married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4777\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 COTT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  May 15, 1951.  She was born August 21, 1931.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4776\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4777}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALLACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 COTT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4778\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 WILA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 27, 1952; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4779\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ENNIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ARRINGTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , June 16, 1974; b. June 3, 1951.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4780\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 YRTLE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 4, 1952; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4781\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RTHUR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast V{\fs16 IOLA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , September 13, 1973; b. March 5, 1948.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4782\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALLACE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 4, 1956; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4783\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast O{\fs16 '}M{\fs16 ALLEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , July 23, 1983.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4784\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 COTT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 OWARD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 15, 1961; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4785\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AWN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLETTS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , July 19, 1987.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 299.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild299   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4787\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ENRY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2095\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 WILA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 AZEL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born February 19, 1931.  He married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4788\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 DA }M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 UTCHESON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  September 24, 1955.  She was born July 21, 1933, and died June 8, 1993.  He married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4795\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ONJA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 VANS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  June 15, 1996.  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4787\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4788}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 UTCHESON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4789\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 23, 1956; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4792\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 RINCE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend ; b. July 16, 1982.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4790\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 EATHER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 20, 1959; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4793\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ALVIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EBER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , November 12, 1983.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4791\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NDREW}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1964; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4794\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 WEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 AYNOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , June 23, 1990.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 300.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild300   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4796\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 YRTLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2095\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 WILA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 AZEL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born January 27, 1934.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4797\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 AROLD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWARD }R{\fs16 AYNOR}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ENNINGS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  April 22, 1953.  He was born January 30, 1924.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4797\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4796}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 YRTLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 AROLD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ENNINGS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4798\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 IANA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ENNINGS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 18, 1957; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4801\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ANNY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 COTT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , May 22 1982; b. June 20, 1953.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4799\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARION}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ENNINGS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 9, 1961; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4802\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 RVING}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 ORDON }S{\fs16 COTT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 R.}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , October 11, 1986; b. September 30, 1960.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4800\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RASER }B{\fs16 URNS}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ENNINGS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 3, 1963; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4803\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , April 30, 1994.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 301.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild301   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4804\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ONALDS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2096\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 UELAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANCES}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born January 12, 1930, and died April 29, 2004.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4806\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ELMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 AGO}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  May 15, 1951.  She was born November 15, 1930, and died October 30, 2003.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4804\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4806}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ONALDS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ELMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 AGO}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4807\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 AYLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ONALDS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 26, 1951; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4812\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst Y{\fs16 VON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 ERRON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4808\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ONALDS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 13, 1952; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4813\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RIC}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 AVIDSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4809\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ONALDS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 13, 1954; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4814\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 EATRICE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , November 10, 1973.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4810\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ONALDS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 17, 1958; d. July 30, 1975.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4811\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ONALDS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 5, 1960; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4815\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 INDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 ORMIER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , August 24.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 302.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild302   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4805\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REEMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LVIN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ONALDS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2096\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 UELAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANCES}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born October 1931, and died 1963.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4816\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 WENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARILYN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 UTES}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4805\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4816}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REEMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ONALDS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 WENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 UTES}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4817\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 EATHER}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ONALDS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1959; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4818\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 AYNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 EMBERTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 303.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild303   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4819\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2097\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXWELL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born October 13, 1939.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4821\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 OUISE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 RENETTE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4819\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4821}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 OUISE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 RENETTE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4822\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 27, 1965; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4824\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ODNETT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4823\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 29, 1968; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4825\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ANA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ULLIVER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , August 1998.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 304.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild304   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4828\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 MILY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OYCE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2098\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 ENA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born May 3, 1943.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4829\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 OHNSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  March 7, 1970.  He was born August 3.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4829\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4828}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 MILY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 OHNSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4830\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NGELA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AYNE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 OHNSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 7, 1970; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4831\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALVIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 UND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , September 5, 1992.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4832\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 REGORY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 OHNSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 23, 1977.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 305.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild305   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4833\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 AYE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2098\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 ENA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born September 4, 1944.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4837\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ERMON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  June 23, 1966.  He was born January 27, 1943.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4837\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4833}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ERMON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4838\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 IMBERLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 AWN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ERMON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 1, 1968.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4839\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 IMOTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 ERALD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ERMON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 22, 1970; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4840\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 RACEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 OOD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , June 27, 1996.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 306.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild306   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4834\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ESLEY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2098\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 ENA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born November 20, 1946.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4841\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROLINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 LBERT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  July 5, 1969.  She was born January 28.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4834\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4841}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROLINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 LBERT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4842\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HERYL}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 16, 1973.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4843\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HARLES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 13, 1975.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4844\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 AREN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 8, 1977.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4845\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHLEEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 6, 1979.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 307.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild307   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4835\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ATRICIA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2098\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 ENA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born April 3, 1949.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4846\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ELVIN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 COTT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  July 5, 1969.  He was born August 13, 1947.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4846\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4835}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ATRICIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 COTT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4847\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ICHAEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 COTT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 27, 1970; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4848\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ENNIFER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 ONES}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4849\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARLAINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 COTT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 21, 1972.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 308.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild308   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4836\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ANIEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 UFUS}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2098\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 ENA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born April 24, 1953.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4850\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALLTRAUD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 OWINSKI}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  February 23.  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4836\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4850}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ANIEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALLTRAUD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 OWINSKI}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4851\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARISSA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 13, 1977; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4853\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ILAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 TAK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4852\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 IANA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONCASTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. Abt. 1985; d. February 1986.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 309.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild309   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4855\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 UTTIMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2185\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 DELAIDE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born July 1, 1946.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4859\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ILTON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 NOWLES}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  July 12, 1969.  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4859\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4855}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ELEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 UTTIMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ILTON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 NOWLES}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4860\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OSIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 NOWLES}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 10, 1970; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4862\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ALE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OSEPH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ADLEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , May 18, 1991.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4861\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NDREW}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 NOWLES}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 1, 1975; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4863\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ELINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 HITE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , July 20, 2007.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 310.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild310   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4857\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 URIEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 UTTIMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2185\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 DELAIDE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born April 2, 1951.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4864\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EONARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H{\fs16 ERBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ALEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  July 11, 1970.  He was born December 1, 1946.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4864\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4857}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 URIEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 UTTIMER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EONARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ALEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4865\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 AMMY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 OLEEN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ALEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 1, 1971; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4867\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ATRICK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast E{\fs16 LLIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , September 7, 1996.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4866\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ORY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ALEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 7, 1973; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4868\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ULIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LICE }E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast O{\fs16 GILVIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , August 7, 1998.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 311.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild311   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4753\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ANDRA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2100\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born December 29, 1952.  She married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4871\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 OONE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .    She married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4872\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ENTLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born March 16, 1949.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4872\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4753}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ANDRA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ENTLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4873\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EFFREY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ENTLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 11, 1977; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4875\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ENEEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HAMBERLAIN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , August 6, 2007.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4874\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 EAGHAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 MY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ENTLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 1, 1981.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 312.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild312   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4876\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 INNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2101\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 YRTLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born May 7, 1947, and died March 24, 1995.  He married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4879\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OSE }I{\fs16 LLMAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONALDSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .    He married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4881\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast L{\fs16 OUELLA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  September 10, 1966.  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4876\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4879}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 INNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONALDSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4880\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 DAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 INNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 19, 1984.\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4876\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4881}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 INNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 OUELLA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4882\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 INNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 25, 1965; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4884\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HARLENE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 EVESQUE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , July 22, 1995.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4883\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 INNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 22, 1970.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 313.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild313   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4877\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LBAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle H\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 INNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2101\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 YRTLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born June 19, 1953.  He married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4885\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast S{\fs16 HARON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .    He married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4888\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IDGET}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4877\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4885}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LBAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 INNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 HARON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4886\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ANDICE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 INNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 15, 1979; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4887\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARTIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 HARPE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 314.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild314   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4878\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 INNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2101\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 YRTLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}J{\fs16 ACK) }G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo294\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born April 3, 1956.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4889\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ARRY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 ULLIVAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  September 15, 1973.  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4889\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4878}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 INNEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ARRY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 ULLIVAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4890\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 DELE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 ULLIVAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 8, 1982.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 315.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild315   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2475\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 NGRAHAM}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo954\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo415\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2818\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ONNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 HITE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2475\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2818}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 NGRAHAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ONNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 HITE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild365 365.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5065\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 AYNE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5066\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ARREN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5077\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 AKCKINSKI}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5067\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 IMBERLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5080\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild366 366.\ftwlnkend \tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5073\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 EBBIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5078\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 EVIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5079\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ACHEL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 316.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild316   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2814\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REDERICK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 EDDY }W\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo954\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo415\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born September 9, 1937 in Black River bridge, NB, and died July 22, 2008.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5127\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 LANCHE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5118\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5119}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ESSIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born May 26, 1939.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5127\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 LANCHE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Blanche Bunny MacDonald}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2814\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5127}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REDERICK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 LANCHE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4917\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 AM}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4918\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ANSI}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4919\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NGELA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4920\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ODI}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab v.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4921\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ILL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vi.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4922\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ERBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab vii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4923\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ARREN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab viii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4924\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARCLAY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 317.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild317   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo478\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo954\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo415\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born 1941.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo467\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle N{\fs16 EIL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  February 26, 1960\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo381\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo462}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ILLS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born February 26, 1938\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (167) James Neil Watling.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 318.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild318   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2128\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo953\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 VERARD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo415\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born April 1, 1942.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3344\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ANLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16  }B{\fs16 UD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ALSH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He died October 24, 2004 in Miramichi.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2128\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
 10/26/2004  Barbara J. Walsh 1942-2004 MIRAMICHI, NB - Mrs. Barbara Janet 
\par > Walsh, wife of Manley R. (Bud) Walsh, of Bramalea Avenue, Miramichi, passed 
\par > away at the Dr. George Dumont Hospital, Moncton, on Sunday, October 24, 
\par > 2004, at the age of 62. Born in Newcastle, she was the daughter of J. 
\par > Everard and Bertie (MacKnight) MacLean. She was a homemaker; a member of St. 
\par > Andrews United Church, Miramichi; a member of the U.C.W. (Princess Anne 
\par > Unit); Secretary of the U.C.W.; Chairman of the Board of Stewards; Secretary 
\par > of the Official Board of St. Andrews United Church. She was the owner of her 
\par > own business in downtown (Chatham) Miramichi, Healthy Edibles. She is 
\par > survived by her husband, Bud; two daughters, Joyce Epton, of Saint John and 
\par > Brenda Savage (Doug), of Miramichi; her parents, J. Everard and Bertie 
\par > MacLean, of Black River Bridge; two sisters, Norma Williston (Frank), of 
\par > Miramichi and Faye Behnsen (Gerry), of Campbell River, B.C.; one brother, 
\par > Roy MacLean (Mary Laura), of Miramichi; as well as several nieces and 
\par > nephews. By request, there will be no public visitation at the funeral home. 
\par > A public funeral service will be held from St. Andrews United Church, 
\par > Miramichi, on Wednesday, October 27, 2004, at 2 pm, conducted by Rev. 
\par > Charlene Maguire, assisted by Rev. David Cleveland. Interment will be in the 
\par > Black River Community Cemetery. As expressions of sympathy, donations to St. 
\par > Andrews United Church, the Black River Community Cemetery Fund, or any 
\par > charity of the donors' choice would be appreciated by the family. Funeral 
\par > arrangements are entrusted to Adams Funeral Home Ltd., 140 King St., 
\par > Miramichi, telephone 773-3492. www.adamsfh.ca
\par }
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3344\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2128}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ANLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ALSH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3346\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RENDA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ALSH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1964; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3348\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OUG}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 AVAGE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3345\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OYCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ALSH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1966; m. {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3347\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast E{\fs16 PTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 319.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild319   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2129\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 IOLET}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo953\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 VERARD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo415\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born June 13, 1947.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5092\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1942.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5092\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2129}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5093\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ACQUELIN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1967.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5094\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 OLIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1970.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 320.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild320   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2130\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo953\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 VERARD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo415\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born March 4, 1955.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5095\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 URPHY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born 1957.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2130\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5095}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 URPHY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5096\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ATTHEW}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1986.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 321.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild321   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2131\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 AYE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OYCE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo953\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 VERARD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo415\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born September 9, 1957.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5097\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 EHNSEN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born 1957.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5097\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2131}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 AYE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 EHNSEN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5098\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 EHNSEN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1983.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5099\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 EHNSEN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1987; d. 1987.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 322.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild322   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2372\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REDERICK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1953\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REDERICK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo420\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born June 18, 1937.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2374\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 AIL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 OISELLE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  1968.  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2372\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2374}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 REDERICK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 AIL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 OISELLE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2375\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 AN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 REDERICK}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 28, 1970.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2376\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ANCY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 AIL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 OUGALL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 16, 1973.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 323.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild323   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4405\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 HARLES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1007\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 RNOLD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4686\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 OWERS }D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3647\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RENDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 AREN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OLLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2687\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2414}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 RTHUR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OLLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARION}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born August 23, 1951.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3647\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RENDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 AREN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OLLAND}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Name 2: Brenda Holland}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (216) Brenda Karen Holland.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 324.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild324   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 . }G{\fs16 .}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 LETT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2299\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 URIEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 UTH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4167\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}S{\fs16 ANDY) }H{\fs16 UGH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5607\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born August 15, 1940, and died November 8, 2005.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 LETT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3779\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3780\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ELDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 325.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild325   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2972\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RIAN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2068\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 AROLD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo383\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 ANKINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2951\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born May 2, 1950.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5193\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HEENA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ALLAGHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2972\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5193}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 RIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HEENA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ALLAGHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5194\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 10, 1982.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5195\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 19, 1985.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 326.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild326   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2973\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ANCY}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2068\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 AROLD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo383\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 ANKINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2951\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born March 25, 1952.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5196\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5196\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2973}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ANCY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ORDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5197\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 RAIG}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 23, 1987.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5198\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 COTT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 6, 1981.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RANT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 29, 1985.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 327.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild327   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2975\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROL}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2068\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 AROLD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo383\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 ANKINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2951\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2353\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TEWART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2169\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born June 10, 1961.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5201\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ORTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5201\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2975}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ORTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5202\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LISON}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ORTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 18, 1985.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5203\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTOPHER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 ORTER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 10, 1987.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 328.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild328   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3008\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROLYN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3004\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3002\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ACK }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5473\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2363\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3727\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast H{\fs16 AGGART}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3727\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3008}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROLYN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 AGGART}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\ftwlnkgen11 \ftwlnkchild367 367.\ftwlnkend \tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5434\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HANNON}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 AGGART}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 329.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild329   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2263\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ELDON}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo567\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ELDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2280\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5373\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2258\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1958.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3880\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast D{\fs16 EBBIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2263\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3880}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ELDON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 EBBIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5767\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HARLES}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5768\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 330.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild330   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5770\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ARREN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo567\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ELDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2280\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5373\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2258\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1960.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5771\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ELLI}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 OYLE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5770\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5771}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ARREN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ELLI}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 OYLE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5772\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ALEB}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5773\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SAIAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 331.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild331   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5793\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROL}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONOVAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3638\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2280\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5373\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2258\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1960.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5796\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}G{\fs16 URK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5796\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5793}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONOVAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}G{\fs16 URK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5797\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 YAN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}G{\fs16 URK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5798\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 EMALE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}G{\fs16 URK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 332.}\ftwancgen10 \ftwancchild332   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5795\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 10} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONOVAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3638\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 SABEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AXINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2280\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5373\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2258\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 UNCAN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2173\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born 1966.  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5799\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ACQUELINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5795\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5799}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONOVAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ACQUELINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5800\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONOVAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1995.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5801\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ITCHELL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ONOVAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. 1997.\par }
\par 
\par 
\pard \f7\fs20\qc\tx360{\i\b Generation No. 11}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 333.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild333   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo158\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 EVIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IBSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo157\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 IRGINIA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo299\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANKLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born December 24, 1966 in Toronto, Ontario\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo160\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 INDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}N{\fs16 UTT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  August 1992 in Fredericton, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born July 17, 1966.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo158\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo160}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 EVIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IBSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 INDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}N{\fs16 UTT}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1506\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AEVE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IBSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 24, 1998.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 334.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild334   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo159\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 REGORY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARK}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IBSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo157\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARGARET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 IRGINIA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo299\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANKLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born April 13, 1968 in Toronto, Ontario\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1507\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 UNTZ}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo159\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1507}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 REGORY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IBSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 UNTZ}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1508\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 USTIN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IBSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 27, 1999.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1509\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ORDAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 IBSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 27, 1999.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 335.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild335   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo163\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 IMOTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo299\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANKLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born October 10, 1972 in Moncton, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2322\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERRIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HAFE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo163\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2322}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 IMOTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERRIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HAFE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2323\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 IMOTHY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 21, 2003, Moncton Hospital.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2146\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ONICA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 21, 2006.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 336.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild336   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo164\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ULIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo299\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle F{\fs16 RANKLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born April 30, 1975\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2187\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ASON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 ANIEL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}P{\fs16 HAIL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  August 10, 2002, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2191\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2192}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ETER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}P{\fs16 HAIL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 HYLLIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2187\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo164}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ULIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ILLISTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ASON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}P{\fs16 HAIL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo223\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}P{\fs16 HAIL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 28, 2006.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5925\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ONAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 AY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}P{\fs16 HAIL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 12, 2009.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 337.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild337   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo39\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ANNY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 AUL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ORTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo28\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UDITH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo25\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 ETERS}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born May 26, 1975 in Moncton, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1642\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 AMMY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 RASER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  September 18, 1999.  She was born November 25, 1974.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo39\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ANNY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 AUL}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ORTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: November 2, 1975, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo39\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1642}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ANNY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ORTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 AMMY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 RASER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1640\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 YLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 ANIEL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ORTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 3, 2000.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2194\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 UDITH }L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ORTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 14, 2002.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 338.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild338   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo40\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 REVOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 ALE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ORTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo28\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UDITH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo25\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 ETERS}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born April 14, 1977 in Moncton, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2193\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HELLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 OSS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  May 11, 2002.  She was born October 28, 1975.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo40\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2193}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 REVOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ORTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HELLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 OSS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 YLER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 ELIA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ORTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 28, 2003.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3678\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 PENCER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ORTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 2005.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 339.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild339   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5911\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 YNN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REGAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2123\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 10}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1034\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ERLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDRA}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}R{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo560\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo365\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle {\fs16 (}K{\fs16 ATE)}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born January 30, 1958 in St. Joseph's Hospital, Dalhousie, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo30\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 OISANNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  October 9, 1982 in St. Paul's Pres., Black River, Black River Br., N. B.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , daughter of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo25\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo26}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst N{\fs16 ORMAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OROTHY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  She was born May 19, 1960 in Miramichi Hosp, Newcastle, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo30\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 OISANNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: January 1, 1961, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend \par 
Email: Greganl@hotmail.com}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children are listed above under (248) Loisanne Glendenning.}
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 340.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild340   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3968\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RIN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast V{\fs16 YE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo470\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i  \ftwnamelast Y{\fs16 OUNG}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo463\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARJORIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 AC}D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo381\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LEXANDER }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2253\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NDREW}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OGSWELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2253\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3968}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast V{\fs16 YE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NDREW}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OGSWELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3682\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 YA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OGSWELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ILEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OGSWELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 341.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild341   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo101\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OPPLA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnamesuffix {\fs16 , }J{\fs16 R.}\ftwnamesuffixend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo100\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo84\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born February 24, 1960 in Malden, MA, USA\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1579\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  1985 in Malden, MA.  She was born November 15, 1961.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1579\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Email: Copplam@aol.com}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo101\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1579}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OPPLA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1580\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OPPLA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 26, 1984.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1581\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ESSICA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OPPLA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 15, 1987.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1582\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ARAH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OSE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OPPLA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 13, 1989.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1583\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ACHAEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OPPLA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 22, 1990.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 342.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild342   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo103\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OPPLA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo100\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ARBARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo84\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born March 5, 1966 in Malden  USA\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1577\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARIO}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 I}B{\fs16 ENEDETTO}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  October 5, 1991 in Medford, MA.  He was born October 12, 1966 in Boston.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo103\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OPPLA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Email: m_diibeneddto@msn.com}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1577\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo103}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 OPPLA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARIO}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 I}B{\fs16 ENEDETTO}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1578\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ULIANA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle N{\fs16 ICOLE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 I}B{\fs16 ENEDETTO}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 8, 1999.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3572\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ICHAEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NTHONY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 I}B{\fs16 ENEDETTO}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 25, 2004.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 343.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild343   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo106\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARK}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo104\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AWRENCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo84\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born April 15, 1968\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1938\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast J{\fs16 OSIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{Notes for {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo106\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Adopted.  In 2004, believed to be working as a police officer in Huntington, Mass.}
}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo106\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1938}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamelast J{\fs16 OSIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1939\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ACHAEL}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 344.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild344   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo109\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ELISSA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RIN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo104\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 AWRENCE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LBERT}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo84\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RACE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born March 11, 1980\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo109\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ELISSA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RIN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Email: maweety@aol.com}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo109\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ELISSA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RIN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5476\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ATTHEW}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 AWRENCE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 MITH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 21, 2009.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 345.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild345   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo113\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 IMBERLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 NNE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo111\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TEPHEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo295\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born February 9, 1969 in Toronto, Ontario\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1593\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REEN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .    She married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4033\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ANNY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 RICE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1593\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo113}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 IMBERLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REEN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1594\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TEPHEN}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 REEN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 1992.\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4033\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo113}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 IMBERLY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ANNY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 RICE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4034\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 YLER}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 RICE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 24, 2000.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4035\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast P{\fs16 RICE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 2002.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 346.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild346   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo118\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TEPHEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ICHAEL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo117\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo295\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born April 10, 1974 in Moncton, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He met (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4595\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ENNY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 OLAR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .    He married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2195\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 PRIL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARIE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 UCHIES}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  August 5, 2000.  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo118\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4595}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 TEPHEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ENNY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 OLAR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4596\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ONNOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ATSON }W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. November 1, 2007.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 347.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild347   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo119\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HELLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 AWN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo117\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo295\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born August 18, 1976 in Moncton, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1218\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 DAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 ERRIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  June 16, 2001 in Heritage Courthouse, Hopewell Cape, NB, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2935\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2936}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 EG}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 ERRIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 ESLEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born June 30, 1978.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1218\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo119}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HELLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 DAM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 ERRIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2933\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ARLEE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OSE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 ERRIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 20, 2002.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2934\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ORA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 AIGE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 ERRIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 16, 2004.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5926\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 OLDENJ}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle V{\fs16 AUGHN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 ERRIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 6, 2009.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 348.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild348   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo120\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 RISTY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo117\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 HIRLEY}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo295\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born May 17, 1981 in Moncton, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2188\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HAWN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 YRON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 ELLY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  August 17, 2002, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2189\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2190}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 ELLY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 LFREDA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .    She married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5393\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HISHOLM}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  May 20, 2005 in Moncton, son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5927\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5928}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 EN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HISHOLM}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 LICE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born June 15, 1979.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5393\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo120}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 RISTY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HISHOLM}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5394\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ACHLAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 HISHOLM}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. December 25, 2008.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 349.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild349   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo128\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 UZANNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ATHLEEN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo126\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 LENN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo296\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ENETIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born June 20, 1962 in Miramichi Hosp, Newcastle, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo129\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 ED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OLDEN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  July 1992 in Carmel Church, Napan, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo128\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 UZANNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ATHLEEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: April 14, 1963, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo129\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo128}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 UZANNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 ED}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OLDEN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo130\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 HEORA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 OLDEN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. January 1, 1994.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 350.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild350   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo136\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OODFELLOW}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo135\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONNA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARILYN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 USSELL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo296\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 ENETIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born June 20, 1976 in Newcastle, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3070\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 UNG}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  October 2, 2004 in British Columbia.  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo136\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OODFELLOW}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: December 26, 1976, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3070\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo136}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANET}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 OODFELLOW}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 UNG}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3823\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 HING }M{\fs16 EI}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 UNG}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. January 20, 2006, Guelph, Ontario.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4436\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 LARA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 HINGFANG}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 UNG}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 19, 2007.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 351.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild351   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo142\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 AREN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EOTA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo140\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LLERY}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo297\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born August 31, 1960 in Harvey Station, New Brunswick, Canada\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo345\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EOFFREY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast O{\fs16 LIVER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  September 9, 1989 in Etobicoke, Ontario, Canada.  He was born November 10, 1964 in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo345\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo142}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 AREN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 EOFFREY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast O{\fs16 LIVER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4773\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ATTHEW}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast O{\fs16 LIVER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. July 27, 1992, Wantima, Victoria, Australia.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4774\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AMERON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle G{\fs16 EOFFREY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast O{\fs16 LIVER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 20, 1995, Wantima, Victoria, Australia.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 352.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild352   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5940\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ATRICIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OY }M{\fs16 AE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ALSH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo140\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LLERY}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo297\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )} was born September 18, 1987 in Saint John, NB.  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5941\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OSHUA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 USSEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  December 31, 2008 in Saint John, NB.  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5941\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5940}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst P{\fs16 ATRICIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ALSH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OSHUA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 USSEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5942\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NNIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 USSEY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 23, 2009, Rhode Island, USA.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 353.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild353   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo147\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ENDY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo145\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 RYDONE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo297\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born February 18, 1963\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo149\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ALVIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 BEL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo149\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo147}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ENDY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ALVIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 BEL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo150\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 UTUMN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle P{\fs16 ATRICIA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 BEL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. December 24, 1989\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3801\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 ARON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast A{\fs16 BEL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 7, 1992.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 354.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild354   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo152\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 ISA }E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo145\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 RYDONE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo297\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born September 19, 1968 in Saint John, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3719\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 COTT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 TEVEN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3719\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo152}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 COTT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 TEVEN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3718\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LIX}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 TEVEN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. June 3, 2005.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3603\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ORDIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 AMONT}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 TEVEN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 10, 2006, Fredericton, NB.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 355.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild355   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo153\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ITCHELL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo145\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 RYDONE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo297\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LSPETH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born September 22, 1973 in Saint John, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo928\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ANDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 ABOUCAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo153\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo928}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 ANDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 ABOUCAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2659\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HELSEA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 MBER}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. April 10, 2002.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4718\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 AITLYN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 MMA}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 EEKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 3, 2008.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 356.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild356   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo167\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 SHLEY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo165\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 ERALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 RNEST}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo300\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born October 17, 1965\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1128\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 OSE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 LARKE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  July 23, 1988\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born April 5, 1966\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo167\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 SHLEY}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Email: dataylor@mccain.ca}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo167\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1128}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ILLIAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast C{\fs16 LARKE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1129\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OSHUA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 RADLEY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. February 18, 1992\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1130\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 SHLEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. December 16, 1994\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 357.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild357   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo172\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 OBBI}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 EE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo171\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OBERT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 ARL}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo300\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born June 24, 1974 in Toronto, Ontario\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1132\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RANT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 RYGSVELD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  July 22, 1995\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He was born June 20, 1974\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1132\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo172}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 OBBI}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst G{\fs16 RANT}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 RYGSVELD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1131\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 OURTNEY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 RIANNA}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 RYGSVELD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. March 26, 1997\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3760\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst B{\fs16 ROOKLYN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast K{\fs16 RYGSVELD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 358.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild358   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo175\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ARLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 HEA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo174\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ANDRA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo300\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born December 5, 1962\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1133\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 AYNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 URNS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  July 27, 1990\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He was born October 27, 1958\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo175\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ARLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 HEA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: June 16, 1963, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1133\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo175}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ARLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 HEA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 AYNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 URNS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1134\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 RIN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 URNS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. August 5, 1992\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 359.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild359   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo177\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 IRK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 HEA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo174\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 ANDRA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo300\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born July 11, 1971 in Miramichi Hosp, Newcastle, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1136\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 RACY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ICKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  October 2, 1993\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born July 2, 1970\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo177\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 IRK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 HEA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: January 23, 1972, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo177\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1136}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 IRK}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 HEA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 RACY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ICKS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4763\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 OLE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 URRAY}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast S{\fs16 HEA}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. March 11, 2008.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 360.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild360   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo180\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARK}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo178\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle W{\fs16 ALTER}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo300\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born August 18, 1967\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1144\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 HOMPSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born November 28, 1969\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo180\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1144}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 AVID}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 HOMPSON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1940\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OEL}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle D{\fs16 AVID }N{\fs16 EIL}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. August 14, 2000.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2136\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ENNA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. February 26, 2003.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 361.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild361   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo184\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HAWN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 ENSON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ARRIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo183\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 IRGINNIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo300\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born January 8, 1970 in Simcoe, Ontario\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married (1) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1137\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ISA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ALLAGHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born April 28, 1970\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married (2) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1139\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LLYSON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LAINE}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 EYNE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She was born July 13, 1973\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He married (3) {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3762\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast T{\fs16 ERRI}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo184\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HAWN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 ENSON}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ARRIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: January 23, 1972, St. Pauls, Black River, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo184\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1137}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HAWN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ARRIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 ISA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 ALLAGHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1138\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HAWN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle B{\fs16 ENSON}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 ARRIS}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. September 24, 1988\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 362.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild362   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo188\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 MANDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M{\fs16 ARIE}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo186\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LMER}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo300\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born November 12, 1968 in Norfolk General Hospital, Simcoe, Ontario\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1140\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OSEPH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN }Y{\fs16 VES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ANUEL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  September 17, 1994 in St. Paul's Presbyterian Church, Black River Bridge\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1588\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1589}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OSEPH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ANUEL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}I{\fs16 NTYRE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born February 17, 1970 in Miramichi Hospital,  NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1140\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo188}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 MANDA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OSEPH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ANUEL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1141\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 EEGAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle C{\fs16 LEMENT}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ANUEL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. July 10, 1997, Moncton City Hospital, Moncton, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1590\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 MME}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 ANUEL}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. May 25, 1999, Moncton City Hospital, Moncton, NB.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 363.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild363   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo190\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 OREEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo186\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst F{\fs16 RANCIS}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LMER}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo300\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LINOR}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born September 11, 1975 in Miramichi Hospital,  NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1142\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ANDY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}G{\fs16 RATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  August 29, 1997 in St. Andrews Catholic Church, Loggieville, NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , son of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1591\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1592}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 AYMOND}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}G{\fs16 RATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ARY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 ICHARD}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  He was born March 11, 1974\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1142\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo190}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 OREEN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast T{\fs16 AYLOR}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 ANDY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}G{\fs16 RATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1143\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AKAYLA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle R{\fs16 UTH}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 C}G{\fs16 RATH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. March 11, 1997, Miramichi Hospital,  NB\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 364.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild364   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo47\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ENNIFER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo44\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle K{\fs16 EITH}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 10}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo42\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ENNETH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LMER}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo293\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ANE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LIZABETH }J{\fs16 ARDINE}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo358\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 UBAL}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  was born September 14, 1972 in Ottawa Civic Hos, Ottawa, Ontario\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo50\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ARRY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 OSEPH}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend  June 17, 1995 in St. Michaels, Roman Cath Ch., Chatham, N.B.\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .  He was born January 8, 1961 in Hotel Dieu Hosp., Chatham, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo47\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ENNIFER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LLEN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Email: jenmar4@hotmail.com}\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo50\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo47}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 ENNIFER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast G{\fs16 LENDENNING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 ARRY}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo505\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 ARON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend \ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend , b. May 25, 1996, Miramichi Hosp, Newcastle, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend .\par \pard \f6\fs20\li1265{\par 
More About {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo505\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 ARON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 DWARD}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend :\par 
Christening: August 16, 1996, Loggieville, New Brunswick\ftwlnken1 {\i \super 1}\ftwlnkend }\par }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo1510\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 THAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 AMES}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 14, 1999.}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo4437\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NDREW}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle L{\fs16 OCHLIN}\ftwnamemiddleend  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AHER}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. October 7, 2007.\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 365.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild365   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5065\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 AYNE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2475\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 NGRAHAM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 10}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo954\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo415\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}  He married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5068\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamelast R{\fs16 UTH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5065\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5068}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst W{\fs16 AYNE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamelast R{\fs16 UTH}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5069\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst L{\fs16 EIGH}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5070\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 NDREW}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5071\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ATTHEW}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab iv.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5072\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst V{\fs16 IRGINIA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 366.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild366   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5073\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 EBBIE}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2475\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst I{\fs16 NGRAHAM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 10}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo954\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 USAN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 GNES}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}L{\fs16 EAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo415\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 ATHERINE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle S{\fs16 TUART}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i  \ftwnamelast W{\fs16 ATLING}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo57\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 ONALD}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle M\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo359\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 HRISTINA}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo531\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5074\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OGER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ROOK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Children of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5074\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5073}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst D{\fs16 EBBIE}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 OWLIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst R{\fs16 OGER}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ROOK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  are:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5075\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 RISTA}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ROOK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab ii.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5076\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst K{\fs16 ATRINA}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast B{\fs16 ROOK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .\par }
\par 
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{{\b 367.}\ftwancgen11 \ftwancchild367   {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5434\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HANNON}\ftwnamefirstend {\super 11} \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 AGGART}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend {\i  ({\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3008\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst C{\fs16 AROLYN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 10}{\i  \ftwnamelast D{\fs16 ICK}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3004\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle E{\fs16 LDON}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 9}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo3002\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle J{\fs16 ACK }W{\fs16 ILLIAM}\ftwnamemiddleend }{\super 8}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5473\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst A{\fs16 LEXANDER}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 7}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2363\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst E{\fs16 LIZABETH}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 6}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2199\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 5}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2162\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 4}{\i \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2220\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 ALCOLM}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 3}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2221\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst J{\fs16 OHN}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 2}{\i  \ftwnamelast M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUCHTAN}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo2625\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst M{\fs16 AC}N{\fs16 AUGHTON}\ftwnamefirstend }{\super 1}{\i  \ftwnamelast F{\fs16 AMILY}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend )}  She married {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5435\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 UGH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 OGIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend .  }
\par \pard \f6\fs20\tx360{\tab \par 
Child of {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5435\ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5434}\ftwnamebegin \ftwnamefirst S{\fs16 HANNON}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast H{\fs16 AGGART}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  and\ftwnamebegin  \ftwnamefirst H{\fs16 UGH}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 OGIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend  is:}
\par \pard \f6\fs20\pnhang\fi-1265\li1265\tqr\tx1065\tx1265{\tab i.\tab {\fs6 \ftwindhi0\ftwindlo5436\ftwnamebegin }\ftwnamefirst T{\fs16 ENCHI}\ftwnamefirstend  \ftwnamemiddle A{\fs16 LAN }D{\fs16 OUGLAS}\ftwnamemiddleend {\super 12} \ftwnamelast L{\fs16 OGIE}\ftwnamelastend \ftwnameend , b. September 20, 2008.\par }
\par 
\par 
\par \pard \f7\fs20\qc\tx360{\i\b Endnotes}
\par 
\par \pard \f5\fs18\tx360{1.  \ftwancen1 \ftwlnkenref1 INDIV2.DAT, Date of Import: Jan 17, 1999.\ftwlnkend \par 
}\par }