{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff36\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f36\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Times;}
{\f40\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f41\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f43\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f44\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f45\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f46\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f47\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f48\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f400\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times CE;}{\f401\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times Cyr;}{\f403\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times Greek;}{\f404\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times Tur;}{\f405\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times (Hebrew);}
{\f406\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times (Arabic);}{\f407\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times Baltic;}{\f408\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid13597543}{\*\generator M
icrosoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title First Generation }{\author G. John Garner}{\operator Don Glendenning}{\creatim\yr2007\mo10\dy17\hr2\min59}{\revtim\yr2007\mo10\dy17\hr2\min59}{\version2}{\edmins2}{\nofpages32}{\nofwords9856}{\nofchars56183}
{\*\company Aerolis LP}{\nofcharsws65908}{\vern24689}}\margl1440\margr1440 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale125\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot13597543 \fet0{\*\ftnsep \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid13597543 \chftnsep 

\par }}{\*\ftnsepc \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid13597543 \chftnsepc 
\par }}{\*\aftnsep \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid13597543 \chftnsep 
\par }}{\*\aftnsepc \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid13597543 \chftnsepc 
\par }}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\header \pard\plain \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\insrsid13597543 William MacKnight Register Report}{\insrsid13597543 
\par }}{\footer \pard\plain \qc \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 Page \chpgn 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f36\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\insrsid13597543 First Generation}{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543  }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash 
\emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 1. WILLIAM MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1804 in Dumfrieshire, Scotland. WILLIAM died on 31 Dec 1865; he was 61.

\par 
\par WILLIAM married ANNIE MCDONALD, daughter of ALEXANDER MACDONALD (1775-1843) & GRACE MCASKILL (1781-1874). Born in Jun 1813. ANNIE died on 17 Jun 1896; she was 83.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 2}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab SAMUEL (1835-1919)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 3}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab Samuel KENNETH (1838-1904)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 4}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iii.\tab ALEXANDER \'93Alex\'94 (1840-1904)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 5}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iv.\tab GRACE (Twin) (1842-1891)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 6}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab v.\tab ELIZABETH \'93Betsy\'94 (Twin) (1842-1922)
\par \tab \tab vi.\tab JEAN (Spinster). Born in 1844. JEAN died on 27 Jul 1912; she was 68.
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 7}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab vii.\tab ANNABELLE (1847-1930)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 8}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab viii.\tab MARGARET \'93Maggie\'94 (1851-1902)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 9}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ix.\tab WILLIAM (1852-1895)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 10}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab x.\tab JAMES (1855-1932)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\insrsid13597543 Second Generation}{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543  }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash 
\emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of WILLIAM MACKNIGHT (1) & ANNIE MCDONALD}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 2. SAMUEL MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
 Born on 10 Jun 1835 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. Resided in Black Brook, NB, in 1871. Was on the census for Chatham Parish, Northumberland Co., NB, in 1901.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 1}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
 Family # 49. SAMUEL died in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB, on 30 Jul 1919; he was 84.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 2}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par On 18 Nov 1869 when SAMUEL was 34, he married ELIZABETH Atcheson MACLEAN, daughter of ADAM MACLEAN (16 Apr 1816-10 Sep 1909) & CATHERINE MACNAUGHTON (2 Dec 1821-23 Oct 1914), in Chatham, NB. Rev. Wallace Waites. Born on 23 Oct 1844 in Loggi
eville, NB. ELIZABETH Atcheson died on 27 Feb 1931; she was 86.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 11}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab ANNIE MacDonald (1870-1955)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 12}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab KATHERINE MacNaughton \'93Katie\'94 (1872-1937)
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab WILLIAM  \'93Willie\'94 (Bachelor). Born on 18 Oct 1875 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. WILLIAM  \'93Willie\'94 died on 6 Oct 1922; he was 46.
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab CHRISTINA Elizabeth (Died as Child). Born on 14 May 1878 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. CHRISTINA Elizabeth died on 5 Jun 1896; she was 18. Buried in Black River, Northumberland Co., NB. St. Stephen\rquote s Church.
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 13}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab v.\tab MABEL Maggie Jane (1879-1975)
\par \tab \tab vi.\tab JANET MacDonald \'93Jessie\'94. Born on 27 Sep 1883 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. Occupation: Teacher.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 3. Samuel KENNETH MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 9 Jul 1838 in Napan, Northu
mberland Co., NB. Resided in Black Brook, NB, in 1871. Samuel KENNETH died on 29 Nov 1904; he was 66. Was on the census for Glenelg Parish, Northumberland Co., NB, in 1901.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 3}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
 Family # 97. Occupation: Farmer.
\par 
\par Samuel KENNETH married MARY ANN CREIGHTON. Born on 16 Jun 1849. MARY ANN died on 29 Nov 1932; she was 83.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab ANNIE. Born on 13 Jul 1880. ANNIE died on 23 Mar 1952; she was 71.
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 14}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab MARGARET A \'93Maggie\'94 (1882-1958)
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab WILLIAM Hugh (Died as Child). Born on 16 Apr 1883. WILLIAM Hugh died on 10 Nov 1889; he was 6.
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab JEMINA (Died as Child). Born on 8 Jun 1884. JEMINA died on 20 Oct 1889; she was 5.
\par \tab \tab v.\tab CATHERINE. Born on 20 Mar 1887. CATHERINE died on 5 Jul 1919; she was 32.
\par \tab \tab vi.\tab JOHN Creighton. Born on 23 Jul 1889 in Black River, Northumberland Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 4}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par \tab \tab vii.\tab WILLIAM. Born on 30 Sep 1891.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 4. Capt. ALEXANDER \'93Alex\'94 MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 1 Aug 1840. ALEXANDER \'93Alex\'94 died on 2 Mar 1904; he was 63. Buried in Black River Bridge, Northumberland Co., NB. St Stephens. W
as on the census for Chatham Parish, Northumberland Co., NB, in 1901.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 5}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Family # 47.
\par 
\par #3 Company, 73rd Regiment
\par 
\par On 19 Sep 1883 when ALEXANDER \'93Alex\'94 was 43, he married MARY Douglas FORREST. Born on 31 Jan 1861. MARY Douglas died on 22 Feb 1928; she was 67.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 15}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab William John Alex WALLACE (1885-1969)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 16}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab ANNIE Mary (1887-)
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab ELIZABETH Maggie Jane. Born on 28 Dec 1888. ELIZABETH Maggie Jane died in 1972; she was 83.
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab JAMES Forrest. Born on 27 May 1890. JAMES Forrest died in 1969; he was 78.
\par \tab \tab v.\tab SAMUEL Kenneth (Died as Infant). Born on 22 Aug 1891. SAMUEL Kenneth died on 6 Nov 1891; he was <1.
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 17}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab vi.\tab GRACE Annabella (Twin) (1891-1979)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 18}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab vii.\tab SARAH Elmira \'93Sadie\'94 (1892-1976)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 19}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab viii.\tab ROBERT Hugh (1894-1957)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 5. GRACE MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 3 Jun 1842 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. GRACE died in Chatham, NB, on 13 Nov 1891; she was 49.
\par 
\par On 23 Oct 1878 when GRACE was 36, she married ANGUS A. WARD. Born on 30 Jun 1847. ANGUS A. died on 13 Nov 1917; he was 70.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab MARGARET Sinclair. Born on 29 May 1880 in Black river, Northumberland Co., NB.}{
\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 6}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  MARGARET Sinclair died on 25 Jan 1959; she was 78. Occupation: Dressmaker; Nurse.
\par \tab \tab \tab MARGARET Sinclair married G. E. MANCE. Born on 7 May 1874. G. E. died on 23 Jan 1951; he was 76.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab ANNIE Annabell (Died as Child). Born on 1 Sep 1883. ANNIE Annabell died on 15 May 1898; she was 14.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab ISSAC Newton. Born on 16 Jul 1886 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 7}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 6. ELIZABETH \'93Betsy\'94 MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 3 Jun 1842. ELIZABETH \'93Betsy\'94 died on 9 Sep 1922; she was 80.
\par 
\par On 10 Jun 1874 when ELIZABETH \'93Betsy\'94 was 32, she married JOHN MACKENZIE. Born in 1837. JOHN died on 17 Sep 1886; he was 49.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab CATHERINE (Spinster). Born on 25 Aug 1875. CATHERINE died on 6 Oct 1896; she was 21.
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 20}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab WILLIAM A. (1877-1957)
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab JENNIE Isabella. Born on 16 Nov 1882 in Little Branch, Northumberland Co., NB. JENNIE Isabella died in Rouge River, MI, on 23 Jul 1964; she was 81.
\par \tab \tab \tab "Mrs. William Coltart
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab The community of Napan and the surrounding districts were saddened by the news that reached them, on Tuesday, July 23rd of the death of Mrs. William Coltart of River Rouge, Michigan.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab The late Mrs. Coltart, before her marriage, was Miss Janie I. McKenzie. The only surviving member of the family is another William McKenzie who resides at Lower Napan, and with whom she lived before her marriage.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab She was born in Black River in 1880, and spent the early years of her life in Little Branch, Napan, and Loggieville, until about twenty years ago when she and Mr. Coltart moved to the state of Michigan.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab Mrs. Coltart possessed admirable qualities of mind and heart. She was sincere, kindly and generous with every one she met, cheerful and hospitable to an exceptional degree and a host of friends join with her relatives in mourning her passin
g.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab Her remains arrived on Thursday morning, accompanied by her brother in-law Merle Coltart, and were brought to the home of her brother, William McKenzie.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab The funeral service was conducted by Rev. Gordon Legge and the pallbearers were eight cousins of the deceased.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab Herbert MacKnight, Wallace MacKnight, James F. MacKnight, John MacKnight, William MacKnight, Roy Atkinson, Les Loggie and William Loggie.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab A large procession followed the remains to Black River Cemetery where internment was made.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab Mr. and Mrs. Harry Crosbie of River Rouge, Michigan, Mrs. Harris, of Ferry Road, and Mrs. Robert B. Harvey were among those who attended the funeral from outside points.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab Beautiful flowers bore a silent testimony of love and esteem. The following were among the tributes:
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab Spray-Husband.
\par \tab \tab \tab Spray-Will and Elmira.
\par \tab \tab \tab Wreath-Bob, Lena, Jimmie and John.
\par \tab \tab \tab Spray-Byron, Lorna and Barbara.
\par \tab \tab \tab Spray-Merle and family.
\par \tab \tab \tab Spray-Mrs. Roy Dickson and family.
\par \tab \tab \tab Basket-Mrs. Josephine Kane Domke.
\par \tab \tab \tab Spray-Mrs. Oscar Fisher.
\par \tab \tab \tab Cut Flowers-The Neighbours at River Rouge.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab (The Chatham Gazette, July 1946, from newspaper clippings-Mrs. William A. MacKenzie)
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab "Memorial Obituary
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab William MacKenzie
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab The death of William MacKenzie of Lower Napan, occurred at Victoria Public Hospital, Fredericton on Friday, March 29. Mr. MacKenzie had been in failing health for some time, and had undergone surgery and treatment for several weeks at the
 hospital.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab He was in his 80th year having been born in "The Hardwoods", MacKenzie Settlement back of Little Branch, Black River on July 31, 1877, the only son of the late John MacKenzie and Elizabeth MacKnight, the latter familiarly and affectionate
ly known as "Auntie Betsy".
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab When quite a young man, he left home and friends and went to the Klondyke fields during the early days of the gold rush. There he faced many hardships, but being of a rugged constitution, he withstood privations and after
 some years, returned to his home, bought a farm at Lower Napan and has since resided there.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab Besides his widow, who was formerly Elmira Loggie of Point Aux Carr, he leaves four sons and three daughters, John of Chatham; Gordon of Moncton; Byron and 
James of Lower Napan; Mrs. Robert Harvey, (Lena) of Fredericton; Mina an RN on the staff of the Victoria Public Hospital at Fredericton and Katherine of Toronto. Also several grandchildren.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab Mr. MacKenzie was well known throughout a large area. He wa
s keenly interested in agricultural work and in the betterment of community life, a good neighbour and always ready to render assistance to anyone who met unfortunate circumstances. He will long be remembered by those who knew him.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab His funeral, which was one of the largest ever seen in the community was held on Sunday, Mar. 31, from Carmel United Church at Lower Napan. Rev. T. Constable conducted the service and internment was in St. Stephen\'ed
s cemetery, Black River Bridge.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab The pallbearers were: Herbert Fowlie, William Loggie, Fred Murdock, Walter Cameron, Herbert MacKnight and David Kelly.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab Floral tributes were numerous and very beautiful.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab Floral tributes
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab Pillow-Family
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab Wreaths-Staff and Nurses Association, Victoria public Hospital; Dept.\'eds 37-38-39 T. Eaton Co.; Manager and Directors Co-op,(North\'edld); Cemetery Improvement Committee, Black River Bridge.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab Baskets-Miramichi Federation Agricultural Society; Merle, Isobelle and family; Rita, John and Wesley; David Kelly and family.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab Sprays-Jack, Janice and Gladys Burtt; Will, Lena and Jennie; Roy, Annie and family; Herb, Annie, Murray, Isobelle, Harold and Dorothy; Maggie Buttimer and family; Archie, Alma and family; Lorne and Stella Ayles; Herb,
 Tean and Carter; Tom Fleiger.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab Cut Flowers-Ernest and Nettie Fleiger; Leo and Margaret LeBlanc; Rev. Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Scott; Bob and Jean."
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab (The Chatham Gazette, 2 April 1957)
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab On 27 Sep 1922 when JENNIE Isabella was 39, she married WILLIAM James \'93Will\'94 COLTART, son of GEORGE COLTART (10 Dec 1850-6 Jan 1930) & MARY Ann JOHNSTON (1862-), in Northumberland Co., NB. Born on 29 Apr 1893 in Loggieville, NB.

\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 7. ANNABELLE MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 5 Aug 1847 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. ANNABELLE
 died on 29 Sep 1930; she was 83. ANNABELLE died in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB, on 30 Jul 1930; she was 82. Buried in Loggieville, NB.
\par 
\par On 1 Jul 1874 when ANNABELLE was 26, she married ROBER
T M. LOGGIE, son of ROBERT LOGGIE (abt 1790-19 Oct 1872) & JANET MACALLISTER (1821-31 Aug 1888). Born on 4 Apr 1844 in Black Brook, NB. ROBERT M. died in Lower Napan, Northumberland Co., NB, on 4 Jan 1921; he was 76. Occupation: Farmer.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab 
Robert LESLIE (Bachelor). Born on 18 Oct 1874 in Chatham, NB. Robert LESLIE died in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB, on 9 Aug 1956; he was 81. Buried in Pine Grove Cemetery, Loggieville, NB.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab Mabel Annie JANE (Died as Infant). Born on 22 Feb 1877 in Chatham, NB. Mabel Annie JANE died in Apr 1877; she was <1.
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 21}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iii.\tab WILLIAM MacKnight (1878-1967)
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab JANET Isobel \'93Jennie\'94. Born on 15 Nov 1880 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. JANET Isobel \'93Jennie\'94 died on 16 Jan 1959; she was 78.
\par \tab \tab \tab On 18 Aug 1909 when JANET Isobel \'93Jennie\'94 was 28, she married CHARLES Roland CROCKER, in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 8}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
 Born on 8 Mar 1874 in Newcastle, NB. CHARLES Roland died in Newcastle, NB, in Sep 1909; he was 35.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 8. MARGARET \'93Maggie\'94 MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 2 May 1851. MARGARET \'93Maggie\'94 died on 22 Sep 1902; she was 51.
\par 
\par On 23 Mar 1886 when MARGARET \'93Maggie\'94 was 34, she married JOHN K. MACKENZIE. Born in Cape Breton Is., NS.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab LEILA. Born in 1887.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab WILLIAMINA. Born in 1889. WILLIAMINA died in 1966; she was 77.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab JAMES Duncan. Born in 1895. JAMES Duncan died in 1917; he was 22.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 9. WILLIAM MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 31 May 1852 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. WILLIAM died on 17 Jan 1895; he was 42. Buried in Black River, Northumberland Co., NB.
\par 
\par On 19 Sep 1883 when WILLIAM was 31, he married Isabella JANE Kerr FOWLIE, daughter of GEORGE FOWLIE (20 Jan 1831-2 Oct 1899) & JEAN Kerr MACKNIGHT (12 Oct 1843-21 Oct 1881). Born on 21 Jan 1862 in Little Branch, Hardwicke Par
ish, Northumberland Co., NB. Isabella JANE Kerr died in Woodsville, NH, on 30 Apr 1944; she was 82.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 22}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab ELMER William George James (1885-1978)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 23}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab HERBERT Samuel Francis (1888-1979)
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab MARJORIE Isabel. Born on 16 Mar 1892 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 9}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  MARJORIE Isabel died in 1993; she was 100.
\par \tab \tab \tab MARJORIE Isabel married FRED RICE. FRED died on 29 Mar 1967 in Woodsville, NH.
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab ANNIE Grace (Died as Child). Born in 1894. ANNIE Grace died in 1896; she was 2.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 10. JAMES MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 16 Dec 1855. JAMES died on 19 Apr 1932; he was 76.
\par 
\par On 19 Sep 1894 when JAMES was 38, he married CHRISTINA H. MACKAY, daughter of PETER MACKAY, in Northumberland Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 10}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 23 Jul 1873 in Bla
ck River, Northumberland Co., NB. CHRISTINA H. died on 9 Aug 1945; she was 72.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 24}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab WILLIAM (1896-1943)
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab PETER. Born on 29 Jan 1898 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. PETER died in 1973; he was 74.
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 25}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iii.\tab ANNIE Jean (1900-2000)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 26}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iv.\tab ARCHIBALD Hector \'93Archie\'94 (1903-)
\par \tab \tab v.\tab MARY (Died as Infant). Born on 1 May 1906. MARY died in Aug 1906; she was <1.
\par \tab \tab vi.\tab SAMUEL Kenneth. Born on 16 Feb 1910 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB.
\par \tab \tab \tab Lived in toronto
\par 
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 27}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab vii.\tab MAYME Elizabeth (1914-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\insrsid13597543 Third Generation}{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543  }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash 
\emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of SAMUEL MACKNIGHT (2) & ELIZABETH Atcheson MACLEAN}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 11. ANNIE MacDonald MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
 Born on 8 Oct 1870 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. ANNIE MacDonald died on 23 Jul 1955; she was 84.
\par 
\par On 17 Sep 1891 when ANNIE MacDonald was 20, she married JAMES GODFREY, son of JOHN Alexander GODFREY (abt 1834-7 Mar 1890) & ISABELLA MCKENZIE (6 Jan 1833-11 Aug 1917), in Black River Bridge, Northumberland Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 11}{
\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 11 Aug 1862 in Black River, Northumberland Co., NB. JAMES died in Black River, Northumberland Co., NB, on 12 Jul 1932; he was 69.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 28}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab JOHN Alexander (1892-1971)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 29}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab SAMUEL Adam Atcheon (1894-1981)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 30}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iii.\tab FRANCIS James \'93Frank\'94 (1896-1964)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 31}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iv.\tab William EARLE (1899-1973)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 32}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab v.\tab GEORGE Albert (1900-1999)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 33}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab vi.\tab ANGUS McKenzie \'93Mac\'94 (1904-1973)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 34}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab vii.\tab HAROLD Meyers (1909-1996)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 35}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab viii.\tab ELIZABETH Isabel (1912-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 12. KATHERINE MacNaughton \'93Katie\'94 MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 7 Aug 1872 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. KATHERINE MacNaughton \'93Katie\'94
 died on 2 Sep 1937; she was 65. Car accident. Occupation: Teacher.
\par 
\par On 31 Dec 1895 when KATHERINE MacNaughton \'93Katie\'94 was 23, she married ROBERT \'93Bob\'94 MACDIARMID, son of FINLAY MCDIARMID (1812-22 Sep 1891) & JEAN MACLEAN (abt 1824-10 May 1914), in Black River Bridge, Northumberland Co., NB.}{
\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 12}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 4 Jun 1858 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. ROBERT \'93Bob\'94 died in Northumberland Co., NB, on 13 Mar 1937; he was 78. Occupation: Farmer.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 36}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab SAMUEL William (1897-1983)
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab Finlay ELDON. Born on 30 Mar 1899 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 13}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Finlay ELDON died in Westmoreland Co., NB, on 14 Apr 1943; he was 44.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 14}{
\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par \tab \tab \tab On 5 Jul 1922 when Finlay ELDON was 23, he married FRANCES Emma WHEATON, in Sackville, NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 15}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 37}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iii.\tab ELLIOT Benson (1901-)
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab LESTER Robert. Born in 1904. LESTER Robert died in Northumberland Co., NB, on 21 May 1928; he was 24.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 16}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par \tab \tab v.\tab ROBERT. Born in 1905.
\par \tab \tab \tab ROBERT married ELIZABETH Alexandra RUSSELL. Born in 1914. Occupation: Nurse. Education: RN.
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 38}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab vi.\tab Alexander GORDON (1906-1983)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 39}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab vii.\tab ELIZABETH Jean (1914-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 13. MABEL Maggie Jane MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 18 Nov 1879 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. MABEL Maggie Jane died in Hamilton, ON, on 13 Jan 1975; she was 95.
\par 
\par On 29 Sep 1914 when MABEL Maggie Jane was 34, she married James ALFRED \'93Fred\'94 MACKNIGHT, son of JAMES Dobie MACKNIGHT (29 Jan 1838-14 Oct 1902) & ANNE Urquhart RUSSELL (20 Apr 1859-10 Aug 1947), in Black River Bridge, Northumberland Co., NB.}{
\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 17}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1879. James ALFRED \'93Fred\'94 died in 1922; he was 43.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 40}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab ELIZABETH MacLean (1915-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 41}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab JAMES Dobie (1917-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 42}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iii.\tab SAMUEL William (1919-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 43}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iv.\tab FREDERICK Donald (1921-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of Samuel KENNETH MACKNIGHT (3) & MARY ANN CREIGHTON}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 14. MARGARET A \'93Maggie\'94 MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 21 Jan 1882. MARGARET A \'93Maggie\'94
 died on 7 Feb 1958; she was 76.
\par 
\par On 24 Jan 1906 when MARGARET A \'93Maggie\'94 was 24, she married AUGUSTUS James BUTTIMER, in Black River Bridge, Northumberland Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 18}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1858. AUGUSTUS James died on 9 Feb 1949; he was 91.

\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab ANNIE.
\par \tab \tab \tab ANNIE married ROBERT SCOTT.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab KENNETH.
\par \tab \tab \tab KENNETH married LILIAN BRAMMAN.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab RUSSELL.
\par \tab \tab \tab RUSSELL married ADELAIDE WATLING.
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab RUTH. Occupation: Teacher.
\par \tab \tab \tab RUTH married JAMES KNOWLES.
\par \tab \tab v.\tab JOHN.
\par \tab \tab vi.\tab WILLIAM.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of Capt. ALEXANDER \'93Alex\'94 MACKNIGHT (4) & MARY Douglas FORREST}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 15. William John Alex WALLACE MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
 Born in 1885. William John Alex WALLACE died in 1969; he was 84.
\par 
\par In 1922 when William John Alex WALLACE was 37, he married AMY HENDERSON. Born in 1894. AMY died in 1973; she was 79.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab MILDRED. Born on 18 Jan 1924.
\par \tab \tab \tab MILDRED married JOHN A\rquote HEARN.
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 44}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab GLADYS (1926-)
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab WILLIAM C. Born on 12 Dec 1929. WILLIAM C died in 1975; he was 45.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 19}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Buried in Chatham, NB. St Pauls Cemetery.
\par \tab \tab \tab WILLIAM C married MILDRED Irene GERRISH. Born in 1906. MILDRED Irene died in 1983; she was 77.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 19}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 16. ANNIE Mary MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 10 Aug 1887.
\par 
\par On 28 Jun 1916 when ANNIE Mary was 28, she first married ROBERT MORRISON, son of LEWIS MORRISON (1835-1925) & MARGARET DAVIDSON (abt 1840-1925), in Chatham, NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 20}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
 Born in May 1880. ROBERT died in Burnt Church, Northumberland Co., NB, on 5 Aug 1917; he was 37.
\par 
\par They had one child:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab ROBERTA Margaret Christina. Born on 25 Jun 1917.
\par \tab \tab \tab ROBERTA Margaret Christina married CLARENCE William GIBSON.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par On 3 May 1922 when ANNIE Mary was 34, she second married ERNEST W. PARKER, in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. Born on 10 Aug 1887 in Parker Ridge, NB. ERNEST W. died on 3 Jul 1932; he was 44.
\par 
\par They had one child:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab DOUGLAS MacKnight (Died as Child). Born in 1926. DOUGLAS MacKnight died in 1932; he was 6.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 17. GRACE Annabella MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 22 Aug 1891. GRACE Annabella died in 1979; she was 87.
\par 
\par On 16 Sep 1914 when GRACE Annabella was 23, she married ISSAC Wilson HOWELL, in Black River Bridge, Northumberland Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 21}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab MARION.
\par \tab \tab \tab MARION married KEN MURRAY.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab MARIE.
\par \tab \tab \tab MARIE married GEORGE STOCKFORD.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab DOROTHY.
\par \tab \tab \tab DOROTHY married EMERY GAUDET.
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab ELIZABETH \'93Bessie\'94.
\par \tab \tab \tab ELIZABETH \'93Bessie\'94 married KEN MOORE.
\par \tab \tab v.\tab ISABEL.
\par \tab \tab \tab ISABEL married ALBERT POWELL.
\par \tab \tab vi.\tab KEN. KEN died in 1966.
\par \tab \tab vii.\tab ROBERT. ROBERT died in 1979.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 18. SARAH Elmira \'93Sadie\'94 MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 10 May 1892. SARAH Elmira \'93Sadie\'94 died in 1976; she was 83.
\par 
\par On 30 Apr 1913 when SARAH Elmira \'93Sadie\'94 was 20, she married Samuel GEORGE MACKNIGHT, son of GEORGE E. MACKNIGHT (1847-25 Jun 1934) & Elizabeth ALICE Isabelle FOWLIE (abt 1863-15 Jul 1930), in Northumberland Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 22}{
\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1883. Samuel GEORGE died in 1976; he was 93.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 45}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab George ALEXANDER (1914-1998)
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab WARREN Edwin (Bachelor). Born on 13 Jul 1916. WARREN Edwin died in Miramichi City, NB, on 10 Feb 2002; he was 85.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 23}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Religion: United Church.
\par \tab \tab \tab Warren E. McKnight 1916-2002
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab MIRAMICHI , NB - Mr. War
ren Edwin McKnight of the Miramichi Senior Citizens Home and formerly of the North Napan Road, passed away at his residence on Sunday, February 10, 2002 at the age of 85. Born in Center Napan, he was the son of the late George S. and Sadie (McKnight) McKn
i
ght. He was an adherent of Carmel United Church and worked at farming, fishing and carpentry. He is survived by several nieces, nephews and cousins. He was predeceased by three brothers, Alexander, Ernest and George McKnight. By request, there will only b
e
 private family viewing. A public funeral service will be held from Adams Funeral Home Chapel on Thursday, February 14, 2002 at 2pm, conducted by Rev. David Cleveland. Interment will be in Pine Grove Cemetery in the spring. As expressions of sympathy, don
ations to any charity of the donor's choice would be appreciated by the family. Funeral arrangements are entrusted to Adams Funeral Home Ltd., 140 King St., Miramichi.
\par 
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 46}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iii.\tab Robert ERNEST Albert (1918-1998)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 47}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iv.\tab GEORGE Harrison (1920-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 19. ROBERT Hugh MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 29 May 1894. ROBERT Hugh died on 12 Apr 1957; he was 62. Occupation: Blacksmith.
\par 
\par On 17 Sep 1923 when ROBERT Hugh was 29, he married MAUDE Hilda FILLMORE, in Moncton, NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 24}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in Petticodiac, NB.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 48}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab SADIE Victoria (1927-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 49}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab ANGUS Lloyd (1928-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 50}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iii.\tab SHEPPARD Alexander
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 51}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iv.\tab ELMER (1930-1960)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of ELIZABETH \'93Betsy\'94 MACKNIGHT (6) & JOHN MACKENZIE}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 20. WILLIAM A. MACKENZIE.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 31 Jul 1877. WILLIAM A. died on 29 Mar 1957; he was 79.
\par 
\par On 6 Jul 1911 when WILLIAM A. was 33, he married ELMIRA Elexis LOGGIE, daughter of DAVID LOGGIE (1 Jan 1829-aft Apr 1901) & ELIZABETH MCDONALD (10 Sep 1839-3 Dec 1910). Born on 28 Feb 1882 in Point aux Carr, NB. ELMIRA Elexis died in 1964; she was 81.

\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab LENA. Born in 1912.
\par \tab \tab \tab LENA married ROBERT HARVEY.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab JOHN Loggie.
\par \tab \tab \tab JOHN Loggie married (____) GULLIVER.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab GORDON David.
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab BYRON Robert.
\par \tab \tab \tab BYRON Robert married MARJORY WATLING.
\par \tab \tab v.\tab MINA.
\par \tab \tab vi.\tab CATHERINE.
\par \tab \tab vii.\tab JAMES. Born in 1922.
\par \tab \tab \tab JAMES married HELEN ATKINSON, daughter of Gilbert ROY ATKINSON (-1975) & ANNIE Jean MACKNIGHT (25) (19 Nov 1900-6 May 2000). Born in 1928.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of ANNABELLE MACKNIGHT (7) & ROBERT M. LOGGIE}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 21. WILLIAM MacKnight LOGGIE.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
 Born on 15 Sep 1878 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. WILLIAM MacKnight died in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB, on 29 Jul 1967; he was 88.
\par 
\par On 31 Jan 1918 when WILLIAM MacK
night was 39, he married LENA Mary EDMUNDS, daughter of DAVID EDMUNDS & CATHERINE MACKENZIE. Born on 22 Feb 1887 in Tabusintac, Northumberland Co., NB. LENA Mary died in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB, on 12 Aug 1972; she was 85.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab 
CATHERINE Annabel (Spinster). Born on 13 Feb 1919 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. CATHERINE Annabel died in Miramichi City, NB, on 29 Dec 2001; she was 82. Buried in Loggieville, NB. Pineview Cemetery. Religion: United Church.
\par \tab \tab \tab Catherine A. Loggie 1919-2001
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab NAPAN, NB - Miss Catherine Annabell Loggie, of the North Napan Road, Napan, passed away at the Miramichi Regional Hospital, on Saturday, December 29, 2001, at the age of 82. Born in Center Napan, she was the 
\par \tab \tab \tab daughter of the lat
e William and Lena (Edmunds) Loggie. She was a homemaker and an adherant of Knox United Church, Miramichi. She is survived by two sisters, Jean Loggie, of Moncton and Mrs. Margaret Costar, of Ottawa, Ont; two brothers, Warren Loggie and George Loggie, bot
h
 of North Napan Road; nieces and nephews, Paul, Ronnie and Jean Steeves, and Janet and David Costar. Remains are resting at Adams Funeral Home Ltd., 140 King St., with visiting hours on Sunday, only, from 2-4 and 7-9 pm. Funeral service will be held from 
A
dams Funeral Home Chapel, on Monday, December 31, 2001, at 2 pm, conducted by Rev. David Cleveland, assisted by Rev. Cecil Symes. Interment will be in Pine Grove Cemetery, in the spring. As expressions of sympathy, donations to any charity of the donor's 
choice, would be appreciated by the family. Funeral arrangements are entrusted to Adams Funeral Home Ltd., 140 King St., Miramichi
\par \tab \tab \tab 
\par \tab \tab \tab Times & Transcript:  31 Dec 2001
\par 
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab David WARREN (Twin). Born on 16 Jan 1920 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. David WARREN died in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB, on 11 Dec 2002; he was 82. Religion: Baptist. Occupation: Carpenter, Fisherman, Farmer.
\par \tab \tab \tab D. Warren Loggie (1920-2002)
\par \tab \tab \tab Mr. David Warren Loggie of the North Napan Road, Napan, passed away at his residence, on Tuesday afternoon, December 11, 2002, at the age of 82.
\par \tab \tab \tab Born in Center Napan, he was the son of the late William and Lena (Edmunds) Loggie. He was a carpenter, fisherman, and farmer, and attended the Wellington Street United Baptist Church, Miramichi.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
He is survived by two sisters, Margaret Costar, of Ottawa, Ont. and Jean Loggie, of Moncton; one brother, George Loggie, of North Napan Road; nieces Jean Geoghegan and Janet MacTaggert; nephews, Paul Steeves, Ronnie Steeves and David Costar.
\par \tab \tab \tab He was predeceased by two sisters, Helen Steeves and Catherine Loggie; and his twin brother, Robert Loggie.
\par \tab \tab \tab Visiting was held at the funeral home on Friday. Members of Branch # 3, Royal Canadian Legion, held a Veterans' service on Friday evening. The fu
neral service was held from Adams Funeral Home Chapel, on Saturday, Dec. 14, at 2 p.m., conducted by Rev. Cecil Symes, assisted by Rev. David Cleveland. The organist was Mrs. Barbara Somers, and the hymns were: Peace In The Valley and Nearer My God To The
e.
\par \tab \tab \tab 
The active pallbearers were: Leon Bremner, Keith Sanford, John MacDiarmid, Barry MacKenzie, David Bremner, and Harold Gilliss. A group of both War Time and Peace Time Veterans sat as a body for the service and formed a guard of honor following the ser
vice.
\par \tab \tab \tab Interment will be in Pine Grove Cemetery, later in the spring. Funeral arrangements were entrusted to Adams Funeral Home Ltd., 140 King St., Miramichi.
\par 
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab ROBERT William (Twin). Born on 16 Jan 1920 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. ROBERT Wil
liam died in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB, on 11 Aug 2001; he was 81. Buried in Miramichi, NB. Pineview Cemetery. Occupation: Carpenter, Farmer; fisherman. Religion: Baptist.
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab GEORGE MacKay. Born on 28 Mar 1922 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB.
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 52}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab v.\tab Effie MARGARET (1924-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 53}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab vi.\tab HELEN Grace (1925-1990)
\par \tab \tab vii.\tab JEAN Isable (Spinster). Born on 13 Sep 1929 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. Occupation: VON Nurse.
\par \tab \tab \tab Lives in Moncton
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of WILLIAM MACKNIGHT (9) & Isabella JANE Kerr FOWLIE}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 22. ELMER William George James MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
 Born on 27 Mar 1885 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. ELMER William George James died in 1978; he was 92. Occupation: Mechanic.
\par 
\par On 29 Dec 1909 when ELMER William George James was 24, he married CHARLOTTE FERGUSON, daughter of JAMES Steven FERGUSON & MARIA Ann WYERS, in Restigouche Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 25}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
 Born in 1890 in Campbellton, Restigouche Co., NB. CHARLOTTE died in 1978; she was 88.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab JEAN. Born in 1912.
\par \tab \tab \tab JEAN married TED FULFORD.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab MARION. Born in 1916.
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 54}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iii.\tab ISABEL (1918-)
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab KENNETH G. Born in 1920.
\par \tab \tab \tab KENNETH G. married Vera EVELYN SMITH. Vera EVELYN died in 1981.
\par \tab \tab v.\tab MARGARET Lillian. Born in 1923.
\par \tab \tab \tab On 8 Aug 1948 when MARGARET Lillian was 25, she married DOUGLAS Vincent REILEY, in Campbellton, Restigouche Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 26}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par \tab \tab vi.\tab INA (Twin). Born in 1930.
\par \tab \tab \tab INA married NORMAN WELDING.
\par \tab \tab vii.\tab IAN Williams (Twin). Born in 1930.
\par \tab \tab \tab IAN Williams married MARIE ERB. Born in 1938.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 23. HERBERT Samuel Francis MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 31 Aug 1888 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 27}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  HERBERT Samuel Francis died in 1979; he was 90.
\par 
\par On 22 Nov 1927 when HERBERT Samuel Francis was 39, he married ANNIE Pamela HENDERSON, in Chatham, Northumberland Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 28}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1899 in Issaics Harbour, NS. ANNIE Pamela died in 1984; she was 85.

\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab DOROTHY Clara.
\par \tab \tab \tab On 29 Mar 1948 DOROTHY Clara married HAROLD William GILLIS, in Glenelg Parish, Northumberland Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 29}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 55}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab Marjorie ISABEL (1932-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of JAMES MACKNIGHT (10) & CHRISTINA H. MACKAY}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 24. WILLIAM MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
 Born on 22 Feb 1896 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. WILLIAM died on 6 Dec 1943; he was 47.
\par 
\par WILLIAM married THELMA Margaret JOHNSON. Born in 1903. THELMA Margaret died in 1979; she was 76.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab ANN.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab JOHNSON. Born in 1924.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 25. ANNIE Jean MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 19 Nov 1900 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. ANNIE Jean died on 6 May 2000; she was 99.
\par 
\par On 10 Jun 1925 when ANNIE Jean was 24, she married Gilbert ROY ATKINSON, in Chatham, NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 30}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Gilbert ROY died in 1975.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab JEAN (Died as Infant). Born in 1925. Education: RN. Occupation: Nurse.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab CHRISTINA Jean. Born in 1926. Education: RN. Occupation: Nurse.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab HELEN. Born in 1928.
\par \tab \tab \tab HELEN married JAMES MACKENZIE, son of WILLIAM A. MACKENZIE (20) (31 Jul 1877-29 Mar 1957) & ELMIRA Elexis LOGGIE (28 Feb 1882-1964). Born in 1922.
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab MARGARET. Born in 1931.
\par \tab \tab \tab MARGARET married GEORGE CAMPBELL.
\par \tab \tab v.\tab SHIRLEY. Born in 1933. Occupation: Nurse. Education: RN.
\par \tab \tab \tab SHIRLEY married GEORGE KERR.
\par \tab \tab vi.\tab ARCHIE. Born in 1935.
\par \tab \tab \tab ARCHIE married MARY HODGSON.
\par \tab \tab vii.\tab ELIZABETH. Born in 1944.
\par \tab \tab \tab ELIZABETH married PETER Scott GRASMAN.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 26. ARCHIBALD Hector \'93Archie\'94 MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 15 May 1903 in Centre Napan, Northumberland Co., NB.
\par 
\par ARCHIBALD Hector \'93Archie\'94 married ALMA TURNER. Born in Pictou, NS.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab BILLIE P. Born in 1943.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab MARY Ann. Born in 1945.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab ROSE. Born in 1946.
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab HAROLD. Born in 1949.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 27. MAYME Elizabeth MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 2 Jul 1914 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB.
\par 
\par In 1940 when MAYME Elizabeth was 25, she married STANLEY CLARK.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab WILLIAM \'93Billy\'94.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab CHRISTINE.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab RONALD.
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab ROBERT.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\insrsid13597543 Fourth Generation}{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543  }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash 
\emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of ANNIE MacDonald MACKNIGHT (11) & JAMES GODFREY}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 28. JOHN Alexander GODFREY.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 28 Jun 1892 in Black River Bridge, NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 
31}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  JOHN Alexander died in Moncton, NB, on 23 Dec 1971; he was 79.
\par 
\par Lived in Moncton
\par 
\par On 27 Sep 1916 when JOHN Alexander was 24, he married IDA SEARS, daughter of Miles WILMONT SEARS & ELIZABETH Deborah HILL, in Amherst, NS. Born on 13 Oct 1895 in Sackville, NB. IDA died in Moncton, NB, on 12 Feb 1993; she was 97.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 56}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab GARNET John (1917-)
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab DOROTHY Jean. Born on 8 May 1918 in Moncton, NB. Education: RN. Occupation: Nurse.
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 57}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iii.\tab James AUBREY (1919-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 58}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iv.\tab Ethel MURIEL (1922-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 59}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab v.\tab CONSTANCE Isabella (1925-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 60}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab vi.\tab SHIRLEY Ruth (1929-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 29. SAMUEL Adam Atcheon GODFREY.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 16 Jun 1894 in Black River Bridge, NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 32}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  SAMUEL Adam Atcheon died in Quesnell, BC, on 26 Sep 1981; he was 87.}{
\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 33}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par In Apr 1925 when SAMUEL Adam Atcheon was 30, he married JESSIE Calder MANDERSON, daughter of ALEXANDER Fenton MANDERSON (6 Mar 1860-5 Feb 1925) & RACHEL Campbell WORRELL (16 Sep 1863-8 Sep 1936), in Moncton, NB. Born on 3 Apr 1896 in Loggieville, NB. JESS
IE Calder died in Quesnell, BC, on 23 Apr 1982; she was 86.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 34}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab 
WINONA (Died as Child). Born in 1925 in Kelowna, BC. WINONA died in Kelowna, BC, on 10 Apr 1936; she was 11.
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 61}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab LON (1926-)
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab WILLIAM. Born in Jul 1928 in Kelowna, BC.
\par \tab \tab \tab WILLIAM married SHIRLEY VAUGHN.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 30. FRANCIS James \'93Frank\'94 GODFREY.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 3 Dec 1896 in Black River Bridge, NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 35}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  FRANCIS James \'93Frank\'94
 died in Moncton, NB, on 20 Mar 1964; he was 67.
\par 
\par On 9 Sep 1926 when FRANCIS James \'93Frank\'94 was 29, he married Catherine VERNA EDGE, daughter of Robert WILLIAM EDGE (5 Jun 1873-1957) & MATILDA STYMIEST (10 May 1875-1973), in Chatham, NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 36}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
 Born on 10 Jul 1903 in Loggieville, NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 6}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Catherine VERNA died in Moncton, NB, on 1 Feb 1981; she was 77.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 62}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab GERTRUDE Anne \'93Trudy\'94 (Twin) (1938-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 63}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab GWENDOLYN Edge (Twin) (1938-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 31. William EARLE GODFREY.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 24 Jun 1899 in Black River, Northumberland Co., NB. William EARLE died in Vancouver, BC, on 4 Jun 1973; he was 73.
\par 
\par On 17 Mar 1920 when William EARLE was 20, he married MARY BURNETTE, in Nanaimo, BC. Born on 10 Jul 1901 in Scotland. MARY died in Vancouver, BC, on 11 Aug 1989; she was 88.
\par 
\par They had one child:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab KATHLEEN. Born on 20 Jun 1928 in Vancouver, BC.
\par \tab \tab \tab Lives in Port Coquitlam, BC
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab KATHLEEN married JOHN WILDERS.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 32. GEORGE Albert GODFREY.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 21 Sep 1900 in Black River Bridge, NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 37}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  GEORGE Albert died in 1999; he was 98.
\par 
\par On 6 Jun 1926 when GEORGE Albert was 25, he married Ann IRENE MACNAUGHTON, daughter of DONALD Alexander MACNAUGHTON (7 Apr 1872-) & ANNIE Ellen Jackson MCMURRAY, in Glenelg Parish, Northumberland Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 36}{
\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 19 Oct 1902 in Little Branch, Northumberland Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 38}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Ann IRENE died in Black River, Northumberland Co., NB, on 19 Jun 1988; she was 85.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 64}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab DONALD James (1930-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 65}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab George EDWARD (1936-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 33. ANGUS McKenzie \'93Mac\'94 GODFREY.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 12 Sep 1904 in Black River, Northumberland Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 39}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  ANGUS McKenzie \'93Mac\'94 died in Black River, Nor
thumberland Co., NB, on 5 Feb 1973; he was 68.
\par 
\par On 21 Jun 1935 when ANGUS McKenzie \'93Mac\'94 was 30, he married VESTA COLPITTS, in Moncton, NB. Born on 31 Aug 1914 in Moncton, NB.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 66}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab BARBARA Joan (1936-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 67}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab JAMES Ernest (1938-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 34. HAROLD Meyers GODFREY.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 24 Jun 1909 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. HAROLD Meyers died in Moncton, NB, on 21 Mar 1996; he was 86.
\par 
\par On 2 Jun 1934 when HAROLD
 Meyers was 24, he married DORIS Browning WILLISTON, daughter of EDWARD WILLISTON, in Baie du Vin, Northumberland Co., NB. Born on 18 Jul 1912 in Baie du Vin, Northumberland Co., NB. DORIS Browning died in Moncton, NB, on 4 Jan 1992; she was 79.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab BONITA Joy \'93Bonny\'94 (Adopted). Born on 13 Apr 1950 in Saint John, NB.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab Deborah MARLENE (Adopted). Born on 26 Jun 1954 in Saint John, NB.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 35. ELIZABETH Isabel GODFREY.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 1 Jan 1912 in Black River, Northumberland Co., NB.
\par 
\par On 1 Jun 1942 when ELIZABETH Isabel was 30, she married AVARD Longley \'93Al\'94 HARLOW, in Black River, Northumberland Co., NB. Born on 3 Oct 1914 in Berwick, NS. AVARD Longley \'93Al\'94 died in Hantsport, NS, on 16 Feb 2001; he was 86.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab JAMES Avard \'93Jimmy\'94. Born on 5 Jun 1943 in Saint John, NB.
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 68}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab ANNE Elizabeth (1945-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of KATHERINE MacNaughton \'93Katie\'94 MACKNIGHT (12) & ROBERT \'93Bob\'94 MACDIARMID}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 36. SAMUEL William MACDIARMID.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 13 Jun 1897 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB.}{
\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 40}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  SAMUEL William died in 1983; he was 85.
\par 
\par In 1933 when SAMUEL William was 35, he married AGNES MacNaughton Mae \'93Addie\'94 LOCKERBIE, daughter of JOHN Thomas LOCKERBIE (17 Aug 1872-23 Feb 1925) & ANNIE Reid POTTER (22 Jan 1873-18 Apr 1945). Born on 12 May 1898 in New Brunswick.}{
\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 41}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  AGNES MacNaughton Mae \'93Addie\'94 died in 1992; she was 93. Occupation: Nurse. Education: RN.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 69}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab JOHN Robert (1935-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 70}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab WILLA Mae (1940-)
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab JAMES. Born in 1943.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 37. ELLIOT Benson MACDIARMID.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 18 Jul 1901 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 42}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par On 10 Apr 1926 when ELLIOT Benson was 24, he married MARCELLE CHRISTIE, in Detroit, MI. Born on 31 Aug 1903 in Chatham, NB.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab JEAN. Born on 16 Apr 1927 in Moncton, NB. Occupation: Lab Technician.
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 71}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab BENSON Christie (1928-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 38. Alexander GORDON MACDIARMID.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 14 Jan 1906 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 43}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
 Alexander GORDON died in 1983; he was 76. Occupation: Plumber; Farmer; Dairyman.
\par 
\par On 2 Sep 1938 when Alexander GORDON was 32, he married ELIZABETH Alexandra \'93Betty\'94 RUSSELL, daughter of ERNEST Howard RUSSELL (19 Dec 1867-21 Sep 1927) & Christina BURGESS CAMERON (9 Oct 1875-12 Feb 1923), in Black River, Northumberland Co., NB
. St. Stephen\rquote s Church. Born on 11 Dec 1909 in Baie du Vin, Northumberland Co., NB. ELIZABETH Alexandra \'93Betty\'94 died in Moncton, NB, on 28 Jun 2002; she was 92.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 44}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
 Education: RN. Occupation: Nurse.
\par 
\par Mrs. Elizabeth A. Russell MacDiarmid 1909-2002
\par 
\par Moncton - Mrs. Elizabeth (Betty) Alexandra MacDiarmid, widow of the late Gordon MacDiarmid, of Moncton, and formerly of the North Napan Road, passed away at the Moncton City Hospital, on Friday, June 28, 2002, at the age of 92.
\par 
\par Born in Point Aux Carr, she was the d
aughter of the late Ernest and Burgess (Cameron) Russell.  She was a homemaker; a graduate of the Miramichi Hospital School of Nursing (class of 1929); a member of St. Andrews United Church, Miramichi; a life member of the U.C.W., of that church.
\par 
\par She is survived by one daughter, Mrs. Elsie Martin (James), of Truro, N.S.; three sons, David (Heather), of Moncton, Ronald (Diane), of Hamilton, Ont., and Robert (Iris), of Halifax, N.S.; nine grandchildren; eight great grandchildren; as well as numerous
 
nieces & nephews.  She was predeceased by her husband, Gordon, in 1983; two sisters, Mrs. Ruby MacDonald and Mrs. Aldene Barry; six brothers, Eldred, Frank, Howard, Earl, Cameron and Cecil Russell. She was the last surviving member of her immediate family
.
\par 
\par By  request, there will be no visiting hours.  A public funeral service will be held from Adams Funeral Home Chapel, on Wednesday, July 3, 2002, at 4pm, conducted by Rev. Ron Feltmate.  Interment will be in Riverside Cemetery.  A reception with the famil
y will be held at the funeral home, following the service.
\par 
\par As expressions of sympathy, donations to the Heart & Stroke Foundation,  or any charity of the donors' choice, would be appreciated by the family.  Funeral arrangements are entrusted to Adams Funeral Home Ltd., 140 King St., Miramichi, telephone 773-3492.

\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 72}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab DAVID Russell (1940-)
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab RONALD Gordon. Born on 5 Jun 1941 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB.
\par \tab \tab \tab On 17 Sep 1966 when RONALD Gordon was 25, he married Margaret DIANNE FERGUSON. Born in Sydney, NS.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab ELSIE. Born on 15 Jul 1945 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. Resided in Truro, NS, in 2002. Occupation: Nurse.
\par \tab \tab \tab ELSIE married JAMES MARTIN.
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab ROBERT Benson. Born in Oct 1950 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. Resided in Halifax, NS, in 2002.
\par \tab \tab \tab ROBERT Benson married IRIS (_____).
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 39. ELIZABETH Jean MACDIARMID.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 1 Jun 1914. Occupation: Nurse. Education: RN-Moncton School of Nursing.
\par 
\par On 12 Oct 1940 when ELIZABETH Jean was 26, she married JOHN H. JOHNSTON, in Moncton, NB. Occupation: Policeman.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 73}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab RALPH (1931-)
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab LOIS Ann. Born on 28 Sep 1934.
\par \tab \tab \tab On 17 Sep 1955 when LOIS Ann was 20, she married RALPH Arthur MACDONALD, in Moncton, NB.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab DELMA Jean. Born on 28 Jun 1936.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of MABEL Maggie Jane MACKNIGHT (13) & James ALFRED \'93Fred\'94 MACKNIGHT}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 40. ELIZABETH MacLean MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1915. Occupation: Teacher.
\par 
\par On 8 Aug 1941 when ELIZABETH MacLean was 26, she married ROBERT Harrison MURDOCH
, son of HARRISON Alexander MURDOCH (1887-1962) & ADA Elmira MACLEAN (16 Dec 1886-24 Nov 1976), in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. Born in 1916. ROBERT Harrison died in 1989; he was 73. Occupation: Pilot.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab Frederic LEIGH. Born on 16 Feb 1942 in Halifax, NS.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab LORNE Robert. Born on 17 Sep 1950 in Hamilton, ON.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 41. JAMES Dobie MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 23 May 1917 in Amherst, NS.
\par 
\par Lives in Hamilton
\par 
\par On 2 Jun 1945 when JAMES Dobie was 28, he married DARLENE Anna \'93Mae\'94 GODFREY, daughter of EVERETT Ronald GODFREY & JENNIE GREY, in Millbank, Northumberland Co., NB. Born on 23 Mar 1918 in Ferry Road, Northumberland Co., NB.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 74}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab SHARON Dale (1947-1967)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 75}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab KEVIN Godfry (1955-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 42. SAMUEL William MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 19 Mar 1919 in Amherst, NS. Education: BSC-EEng, UNB-1941. Occupation: Electrical Engineer.
\par 
\par On 15 Jul 1941 when SAMUEL William was 22, he married LOUISE CRAIG, in Hamilton, ON. Born in Feb 1920. Occupation: Teacher.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab SAMUEL Robert. Born on 30 Sep 1941 in Hamilton, ON.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab JAMES Alfred Garry. Born on 16 Jan 1942 in Hamilton, ON. Occupation: Engineer.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab CRAIG Allen. Born on 14 Aug 1962 in Toronto, ON.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 43. FREDERICK Donald MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 23 Jul 1921 in Amherst, NS.
\par 
\par On 13 Oct 1950 when FREDERICK Donald was 29, he married MAIME SEARLE, daughter of MICHAEL SEARLE & GERTRUDE BLAKELY (-31 Aug 1942), in Hamilton, ON. Born on 13 Sep 1925 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. Occupation: Nurse. Education: RN-Miramichi Hospital.

\par 
\par They had one child:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab JUNE Marlene. Born on 10 Jun 1964 in Hamilton, ON.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of William John Alex WALLACE MACKNIGHT (15) & AMY HENDERSON}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 44. GLADYS MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 31 Mar 1926.
\par 
\par GLADYS married HAROLD DICKSON.
\par 
\par They had one child:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab UNNAMED.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of SARAH Elmira \'93Sadie\'94 MACKNIGHT (18) & Samuel GEORGE MACKNIGHT}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 45. George ALEXANDER MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 30 Jul 1914. George ALEXANDER died in 1998; he was 83.
\par 
\par On 20 Aug 1934 when George ALEXANDER was 20, he first married HAZEL Margaret FORREST, daughter of CHARLES W. FORREST (17 Aug 1887-11 Mar 1920) & JENNIE May ENGLAND (2 Jan 1892-18 Aug 1972), in Chatham, NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 45}{
\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 12 May 1914 in Chatham, NB. HAZEL Margaret died in Chatham, NB, on 7 Oct 1983; she was 69.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 76}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab William Alexander FORREST (1937-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 77}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab MARGARET Jennie (1943-1995)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par George ALEXANDER second married EDNA CAMERON. Born in NS.
\par 
\par George ALEXANDER third married DEBBIE JARDINE.
\par 
\par They had one child:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 78}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab SARAH Mary (1974-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 46. Robert ERNEST Albert MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 21 Sep 1918. Robert ERNEST Albert died in 1998; he was 79.
\par 
\par Robert ERNEST Albert married ISLA Gertrude REYNOLDS. Born in 1926.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 79}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab ERNA Gertrude S (1947-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 80}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab RUTH Isla (1951-)
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab DALE June. Born on 10 Jun 1958.
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 81}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iv.\tab BONNIE Lynn (1965-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 47. GEORGE Harrison MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 9 Jun 1920.
\par 
\par On 31 Jan 1948 when GEORGE Harrison was 27, he married DELLA Marie WAYE, in Newcastle, NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 46}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 82}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab GEORGINA Marie (1948-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 83}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab ELWOOD F (1952-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 84}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iii.\tab LORNA (1958-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of ROBERT Hugh MACKNIGHT (19) & MAUDE Hilda FILLMORE}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 48. SADIE Victoria MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1927.
\par 
\par On 20 Sep 1950 when SADIE Victoria was 23, she married CARL Raymond REEDER, in Salisbury, Westmorland Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 47}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab CHERRY Susan. Born in 1954.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab LORRAINE N. Born in 1958.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab TRENT C. Born in 1960.
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab VICKI C. Born in 1962.
\par \tab \tab v.\tab TROY R. Born in 1968.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 49. ANGUS Lloyd MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1928.
\par 
\par On 31 Aug 1948 when ANGUS Lloyd was 20, he married Elizabeth THERESA ARSENAULT, in Salisbury, Westmorland Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 48}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par They had one child:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 85}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab LARRY Wayne (1949-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 50. SHEPPARD Alexander MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par On 12 Feb 1947 SHEPPARD Alexander married MARY Ann CYR, in Simonds, St. John Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 49}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in St John, NB.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 86}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab GARY Lyn (1947-)
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab ALLEN Robert. Born in 1950.
\par \tab \tab \tab ALLEN Robert married ELIZABETH CUSACK.
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 87}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iii.\tab DEBORAH Ann (1952-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 88}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iv.\tab DONNA Lee (1953-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 89}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab v.\tab LAURA Leigh (1956-1982)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 90}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab vi.\tab GERALD Glen (1957-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 91}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab vii.\tab MARLENE Irene (1959-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 92}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab viii.\tab KEVIN W (1960-)
\par \tab \tab ix.\tab SHARRON Reta. Born in 1963. SHARRON Reta died in 1982; she was 19. Car accident.
\par \tab \tab x.\tab RONALD David.
\par \tab \tab xi.\tab DARREN Paul. Born in 1967.
\par \tab \tab xii.\tab BRETT Anthony. Born in 1972.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 51. ELMER MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1930. ELMER died in 1960; he was 30.
\par 
\par ELMER married ANNABEL HUNTER. Born in 1927 in Scotland.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab GLENICE Evelyn. Born in 1958.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab ROBERT Hugh. Born in 1959.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab HAROLD. Born in 1960. HAROLD died in 1987; he was 27. Drowned in skidooing accident.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of WILLIAM MacKnight LOGGIE (21) & LENA Mary EDMUNDS}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 52. Effie MARGARET LOGGIE.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 7 Feb 1924 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB.
\par 
\par Lives in Ottawa
\par 
\par On 13 Aug 1955 when Effie MARGARET was 31, she married RONALD COSTER, in Halifax, NS.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab DAVID.
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 93}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab JANET
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 53. HELEN Grace LOGGIE.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 27 Mar 1925 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. HELEN Grace died in Halifax, NS, on 30 Dec 1990; she was 65.
\par 
\par On 2 Jul 1949 when HELEN Grace was 24, she married ROBERT STEEVES. Born in Moncton, NB.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab RONALD. Born on 13 Aug 1952 in Halifax, NS.
\par \tab \tab \tab RONALD married HELEN BIRCK.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab JEAN. Born on 12 Sep 1954 in Halifax, NS.
\par \tab \tab \tab JEAN married TIM GEOGHEGAN.
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 94}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iii.\tab PAUL (1956-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of ELMER William George James MACKNIGHT (22) & CHARLOTTE FERGUSON}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 54. ISABEL MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1918.
\par 
\par ISABEL married CURRIE FERGUSON.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab JANE. Born in 1949.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab RONALD. Born in 1952.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of HERBERT Samuel Francis MACKNIGHT (23) & ANNIE Pamela HENDERSON}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 55. Marjorie ISABEL MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1932.
\par 
\par On 22 Aug 1951 when Marjorie ISABEL was 19, she married Robert MURRAY MACNAUGHTON, son of IAN MACNAUGHTON (1 Sep 1904-) & BERTHA Roberta MCDONALD, in Glenelg Parish, Northumberland Co., NB.}{\fs16\up6\insrsid13597543 50}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par They had one child:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 95}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab KATHERINE (1952-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\insrsid13597543 Fifth Generation}{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543  }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash 
\emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of JOHN Alexander GODFREY (28) & IDA SEARS}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 56. GARNET John GODFREY.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 3 Mar 1917 in Moncton, NB.
\par 
\par On 26 Jun 1939 when GARNET John was 22, he married THELMA JACKSON, in Annandale, PEI. Born on 6 Nov 1919 in Fortune Bay, PEI.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab WAYNE Heath. Born on 20 Jan 1949 in Charlottetown, PEI.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab PAUL Douglas. Born on 22 Sep 1952 in Charlottetown, PEI.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 57. James AUBREY GODFREY.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 4 Dec 1919 in Moncton, NB.
\par 
\par On 9 Aug 1941 when James AUBREY was 21, he married FRANCES SMITH, in Halifax, NS. Born on 15 Apr 1922 in Windsor, NS.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab J. DAVID (Adopted). Born on 16 Jul 1942 in Halifax, NS.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab AUBREY John. Born on 23 Oct 1949 in Moncton, NB.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab WILLIAM Craig. Born on 8 Jul 1953 in Moncton, NB.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 58. Ethel MURIEL GODFREY.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 2 Feb 1922 in Moncton, NB.
\par 
\par On 20 Jun 1955 when Ethel MURIEL was 33, she married AUSTIN Claude TAYLOR, in Moncton, NB. Born on 20 Feb 1893 in North River.
\par 
\par They had one child:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab DOROTHY Deborah. Born on 25 Mar 1957 in Moncton, NB.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 59. CONSTANCE Isabella GODFREY.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 16 Dec 1925 in Moncton, NB.
\par 
\par CONSTANCE Isabella married LAWRENCE Bruce MACKENZIE. Born on 8 Feb 1925 in Moncton, NB.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab BRIAN Bruce. Born on 30 Dec 1946 in Fredericton, NB.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab LAWRENCE Ian \'93Larry\'94. Born on 13 Aug 1949 in Sackville, NB.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab ANN Louise. Born on 27 Jul 1957 in Winnipeg, MB.
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab COLIN Hunter. Born on 25 Oct 1965 in Winnipeg, MB.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 60. SHIRLEY Ruth GODFREY.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 7 Nov 1929 in Moncton, NB.
\par 
\par On 16 Jan 1954 when SHIRLEY Ruth was 24, she married WALTER Max SONNENBERG, in Moncton, NB. Born on 1 Nov 1929 in Waterford, ON.
\par 
\par Live in Albuquerque, NM
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab MAXINE Dorothy. Born on 12 Jul 1956 in Brantford, ON.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab GREGORY John. Born on 23 Mar 1959 in Brantford, ON.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab CONNIE Arlene. Born on 30 Sep 1960 in Brantford, ON.
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab GARTH Conrad. Born on 27 Oct 1963 in Durango Co.,.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of SAMUEL Adam Atcheon GODFREY (29) & JESSIE Calder MANDERSON}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 61. LON GODFREY.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in Jul 1926 in Kelowna, BC.
\par 
\par LON married GWEN (_____).
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab JAMES.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab TEENA.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab PATTY.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of FRANCIS James \'93Frank\'94 GODFREY (30) & Catherine VERNA EDGE}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 62. GERTRUDE Anne \'93Trudy\'94 GODFREY.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 5 Jun 1938 in Moncton, NB.
\par 
\par On 4 Jul 1964 when GERTRUDE Anne \'93Trudy\'94 was 26, she married DAVID Edward WARD, in Moncton, NB. Born on 3 Mar 1936 in Moncton, NB.
\par 
\par Live in Edmonton
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab MARIANNA Frances. Born on 2 Dec 1965 in Charlottetown, PEI.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab JONATHAN David. Born on 30 May 1968 in Sherwood, PEI.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab HEIDI Jane. Born on 19 Jan 1971 in Sherwood, PEI.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 63. GWENDOLYN Edge GODFREY.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 5 Jun 1938 in Moncton, NB.
\par 
\par On 8 Aug 1962 when GWENDOLYN Edge was 24, she married BURTON Dana COCHRANE, in Moncton, NB. Born on 4 Jul 1930 in Moncton, NB. BURTON Dana died in Taymouth, York Co., NB, on 6 Jan 1997; he was 66.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab MARTHA Angela Catherine. Born on 8 Mar 1963 in Winnipeg, MB.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab RALPH James Dana. Born on 7 Mar 1968 in St. John, NB.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab RUSSELL Francis Burton. Born on 13 Mar 1971 in St. John, NB.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of GEORGE Albert GODFREY (32) & Ann IRENE MACNAUGHTON}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 64. DONALD James GODFREY.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 16 Oct 1930 in Black River, Northumberland Co., NB.
\par 
\par On 9 May 1953 when DONALD James was 22, he married JOAN BOSSI, in Montr\'e9al, QC. Born on 25 Aug 1935 in Montr\'e9al, QC. They were divorced.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab GARY. Born in Sep 1953 in Montr\'e9al, QC.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab GLEN. Born in Sep 1960 in Montr\'e9al, QC.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab JULIE. Born in May 1967 in Montr\'e9al, QC.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 65. George EDWARD GODFREY.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 12 Sep 1936 in Black River, Northumberland Co., NB. Occupation: Policeman-RCMP.
\par 
\par On 1 Feb 1958 when George EDWARD was 21, he married MARGARET CORANVILLE, in Gander, NF. Born on 24 Jul 1934 in Newfoundland.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab EDDIE. Born on 14 Aug 1959 in St. Johns, NF.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab WILLIAM Donald. Born on 19 Jun 1960 in Carboneer, NF.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab DEBBIE Bessie Irene (Twin). Born on 24 Jun 1962 in Toronto, ON.
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab DEREK MacKenzie (Twin). Born on 24 Jun 1962 in Toronto, ON.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of ANGUS McKenzie \'93Mac\'94 GODFREY (33) & VESTA COLPITTS}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 66. BARBARA Joan GODFREY.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
 Born on 10 Apr 1936 in Black River, Northumberland Co., NB. Occupation: Nurse. Education: RN.
\par 
\par BARBARA Joan married BLAINE Louis GREGAN. They were divorced.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab LARRY.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab KEVIN Wright.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab BRIAN.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 67. JAMES Ernest GODFREY.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 18 Jan 1938 in Black River, Northumberland Co., NB.
\par 
\par On 4 Jan 1957 when JAMES Ernest was 18, he married JANE Ann TOOLE, in Moncton, NB. Born in Brookfield, NS.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab JOANNE Elizabeth. Born on 15 Aug 1957 in Moncton, NB.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab JOHN. Born on 14 Apr 1961 in Moncton, NB.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of ELIZABETH Isabel GODFREY (35) & AVARD Longley \'93Al\'94 HARLOW}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 68. ANNE Elizabeth HARLOW.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 27 Sep 1945 in Saint John, NB.
\par 
\par ANNE Elizabeth married CHARLES COLE.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab JONATHAN.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab DARBY.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of SAMUEL William MACDIARMID (36) & AGNES MacNaughton Mae \'93Addie\'94 LOCKERBIE}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 69. JOHN Robert MCDIARMID.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
 Born on 3 Sep 1935 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. Occupation: Farmer, butcher.
\par 
\par On 1 Jun 1954 when JOHN Robert was 18, he married HELEN GILLIS, daughter of ARCHIBALD GILLIS & BESSIE MCINNIS. Born in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab DEBOROUGH Jean. Born on 27 Sep 1956.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab BRYDON John. Born on 15 Apr 1958.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab ELIZABETH Agnes. Born on 9 Sep 1960.
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab BEVERLY Ann. Born on 12 Apr 1963.
\par \tab \tab v.\tab DALE Eldon. Born on 19 May 1965.
\par \tab \tab vi.\tab DORIS Rose. Born on 17 Apr 1966.
\par \tab \tab vii.\tab ROBERT Vaughn. Born in Jul 1967.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 70. WILLA Mae MCDIARMID.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 17 Jul 1940 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB.
\par 
\par On 7 Nov 1958 when WILLA Mae was 18, she married KEITH Howard TRAER, son of HOWARD Thomas TRAER (1913-1985) & EDNA Emily STEWART (1913-1945), in Chatham, NB. St Andrews United Church. Born in 1940.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab WILLIAM Howard. Born in 1960.
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 96}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab DANIEL Robert (1961-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 97}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iii.\tab KEITH Edward (1963-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of ELLIOT Benson MACDIARMID (37) & MARCELLE CHRISTIE}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 71. Dr. BENSON Christie MCDIARMID.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
 Born on 17 Jun 1928 in Moncton, NB. Education: Mt. Allison U. Occupation: Dentist.
\par 
\par In 1952 when BENSON Christie was 23, he married MARYLYN AVARD. Born in Sackville, NB.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab ROBERT Benson. Born on 18 Sep 1955 in Moncton, NB.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab DAVID Christie. Born on 23 Jan 1957 in Moncton, NB.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab SHAWNA Elizabeth. Born on 3 Jul 1959 in Moncton, NB.
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab SCOTT Avard. Born in Nov 1960 in Moncton, NB.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of Alexander GORDON MACDIARMID (38) & ELIZABETH Alexandra \'93Betty\'94 RUSSELL}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 72. DAVID Russell MACDIARMID.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 27 Feb 1940 in Napan, Northu
mberland Co., NB. Education: BComm-Mt. Allison U.
\par 
\par In Apr 1960 when DAVID Russell was 20, he married HEATHER POLLOCK. Occupation: Nurse.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab DAVID (Twin). Born on 8 Oct 1961.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab REID (Twin). Born on 8 Oct 1961.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab IAN. Born on 25 Sep 1962.
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab HUGH Alexander. Born on 9 Jul 1964.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of ELIZABETH Jean MACDIARMID (39) & JOHN H. JOHNSTON}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 73. RALPH JOHNSTON.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 16 Sep 1931. Education: RCMP College-Regina. Occupation: Policeman.
\par 
\par On 10 Sep 1960 when RALPH was 28, he married JOAN WOODWORTH.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab JENNIFER. Born in May 1962.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab JOHN David. Born on 25 Jun 1964.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of JAMES Dobie MACKNIGHT (41) & DARLENE Anna \'93Mae\'94 GODFREY}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 74. SHARON Dale MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
 Born on 6 Jan 1947 in Newcastle, NB. SHARON Dale died in Hamilton, ON, on 22 Oct 1967; she was 20.
\par 
\par On 12 Sep 1964 when SHARON Dale was 17, she married BRIAN Edmund WAITON, in Hamilton, ON. Born on 14 Feb 1945 in Hamilton, ON.
\par 
\par They had one child:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab 
TODD McDaniel (Bachelor). Born on 30 Dec 1964 in Hamilton, ON. TODD McDaniel died in Hamilton, ON, on 22 Dec 1990; he was 25.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 75. KEVIN Godfry MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 17 Aug 1955 in Hamilton, ON.
\par 
\par On 22 Sep 1982 when KEVIN Godfry was 27, he married LINDA MILDON, in Hamilton, ON. Born on 2 Feb 1953 in Hamilton, ON.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab LOGAN Alex. Born on 3 Jun 1985 in Hamilton, ON.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab KIERAN Gilles. Born on 26 Jul 1987 in Hamilton, ON.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab LUCAS Blair. Born on 5 Mar 1992 in Hamilton, ON.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of George ALEXANDER MACKNIGHT (45) & HAZEL Margaret FORREST}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 76. William Alexander FORREST MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 18 Apr 1937.
\par 
\par William Alexander FORREST first married BARBARA FRASER.
\par 
\par They had one child:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab ROBERT Lloyd. Born on 14 Jun 1957.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par William Alexander FORREST second married JANET Helen BURNIE. Born on 11 Mar 1943 in Calgary, AB.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 98}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab LYNDA Janet Christina Hazel (1961-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 99}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab JAMES Forrest (1962-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 77. MARGARET Jennie MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 12 Jul 1943 in Napan, Northumberland Co., NB. MARGARET Jennie died in Loggieville, NB, on 29 Jan 1995; she was 51.
\par 
\par On 1 Aug 1958 when MARGARET Jennie was 15, she married LEONARD Howard MURDOCH,
 son of John William CECIL MURDOCH (26 Aug 1901-14 Jul 1989) & JEAN Florence MCGRAW (13 Jul 1914-), in Black River, Northumberland Co., NB. Born on 13 Jun 1937 in Black River, Northumberland Co., NB. LEONARD Howard died in Black River, Northumberland Co.,
 NB, on 12 Dec 1980; he was 43.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 100}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab i.\tab DENNIS Leonard (1959-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 101}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab ii.\tab GERTRUDE Margaret Colleen (1960-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 102}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iii.\tab FORREST Cecil (1961-)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 103}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab iv.\tab LILLIAN Sheila (1962-)
\par \tab \tab v.\tab DAVID Alexander (Bachelor). Born on 27 Sep 1964 in Chatham, NB.
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 104}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab vi.\tab RONALD Allen (1966-1995)
\par \tab }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 105}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab vii.\tab TAMMY Arlene Irene (1968-)
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of George ALEXANDER MACKNIGHT (45) & DEBBIE JARDINE}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 78. SARAH Mary MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 27 Feb 1974.
\par 
\par Child:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab (_____). Born in 1998.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of Robert ERNEST Albert MACKNIGHT (46) & ISLA Gertrude REYNOLDS}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 79. ERNA Gertrude S MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 18 May 1947.
\par 
\par ERNA Gertrude S married NEIL ALLEN.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab MARK Wesley. Born on 24 May 1973.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab KARL. Born on 4 Jan 1975.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab ERIC Neil (Died as Infant). Born on 1 May 1972. ERIC Neil died on 2 May 1972; he was <1.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 80. RUTH Isla MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 7 Apr 1951.
\par 
\par RUTH Isla married KEN COLEMAN.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab KRAIG. Born in 1969.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab KRIS. Born in 1972.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab KENDRA. Born in 1973.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 81. BONNIE Lynn MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 15 Sep 1965.
\par 
\par BONNIE Lynn married RONALD Allen MURDOCH (104) , son of LEONARD Howard MURDOCH (13 Jun 1937-12 Dec 1980) & MARGARET Jennie MACKNIG
HT (77) (12 Jul 1943-29 Jan 1995). Born on 28 Aug 1966 in Chatham, NB. RONALD Allen died in Loggieville, NB, on 26 Jun 1995; he was 28. Killed in a motorcycle accident.
\par 
\par They had one child:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab LAURA Ida Margaret. Born on 7 Jul 1986.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of GEORGE Harrison MACKNIGHT (47) & DELLA Marie WAYE}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 82. GEORGINA Marie MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 3 Aug 1948.
\par 
\par GEORGINA Marie married JOHN KERR.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab MICHAEL. Born in 1969.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab HEATHER.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab RUSSELL.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 83. ELWOOD F MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 15 Sep 1952.
\par 
\par ELWOOD F married STARR NORDIN.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab ANGELA.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab PAMELA.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 84. LORNA MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 4 Oct 1958.
\par 
\par LORNA married (_____) (_____).
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab SHERI.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab ANNETTE.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of ANGUS Lloyd MACKNIGHT (49) & Elizabeth THERESA ARSENAULT}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 85. LARRY Wayne MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1949.
\par 
\par LARRY Wayne first married YVONNE (_____).
\par 
\par They had one child:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab ROBERT Falzon. Born in 1974.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par LARRY Wayne second married SHARLENE (_____).
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab CHRISTOPHER. Born in 1983.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab JENNIFER Lynn. Born in 1988.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of SHEPPARD Alexander MACKNIGHT (50) & MARY Ann CYR}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 86. GARY Lyn MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1947.
\par 
\par GARY Lyn married MARILYN WOODCOCK. They were divorced.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab GARY. Born on 1 Jul 1972.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab DWAYNE. Born on 24 Jul 1973.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab ADAM Scott. Born in 1980.
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab KYLE. Born in 1982.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 87. DEBORAH Ann MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1952.
\par 
\par DEBORAH Ann married CARL PARLEE.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab AARON. Born in 1981.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab RAYMOND. Born on 12 Aug 1982.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 88. DONNA Lee MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1953.
\par 
\par DONNA Lee married DENNIS KEITH.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab RYAN Michael. Born in 1978.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab SEAN Allan. Born in 1981.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 89. LAURA Leigh MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1956. LAURA Leigh died in 1982; she was 26. car accident with sister Sharron.
\par 
\par Child:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab MICHELLE. Born on 14 Nov 1973.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 90. GERALD Glen MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1957.
\par 
\par GERALD Glen married VICKY LOUNSBURY.
\par 
\par They had one child:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab JUSTIN Glen. Born in 1983.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 91. MARLENE Irene MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1959.
\par 
\par MARLENE Irene married GERALD LAYDEN.
\par 
\par They had one child:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab JEREMIAH. Born on 31 Aug 1987.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 92. KEVIN W MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1960.
\par 
\par KEVIN W married LOIS MCCULLEY. Born in 1960.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab JASON Kevin. Born in 1984.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab JUSTIN.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of Effie MARGARET LOGGIE (52) & RONALD COSTER}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 93. JANET COSTER.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par JANET married MICHAEL MCTAGGERT.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab KRYSTEL.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab DAVID.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of HELEN Grace LOGGIE (53) & ROBERT STEEVES}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 94. PAUL STEEVES.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 8 Apr 1956 in Halifax, NS.
\par 
\par PAUL married ALYSON MOFFAT.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab RACHEL. Born on 12 Sep 1989.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab RYAN. Born on 1 Mar 1991.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab HELENA. Born on 16 Dec 1994.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of Marjorie ISABEL MACKNIGHT (55) & Robert MURRAY MACNAUGHTON}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 95. KATHERINE MACNAUGHTON.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1952.
\par 
\par KATHERINE married JOHN LOWE.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab STEWART.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab ROSS. Born in 1981.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab ALLISON. Born in 1983.
\par \tab \tab iv.\tab UNNAMED.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\insrsid13597543 Sixth Generation}{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543  }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash 
\emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash \emdash 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of WILLA Mae MCDIARMID (70) & KEITH Howard TRAER}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 96. DANIEL Robert TRAER.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1961.
\par 
\par DANIEL Robert married ELAINE STAFFORD.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab HEATHER Kate. Born in 1991.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab ASHLEY Karen. Born in 1993.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 97. KEITH Edward TRAER.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born in 1963.
\par 
\par KEITH Edward married HELOISE DIXON-WARREN.
\par 
\par They had one child:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab TYQUIRA Molly. Born in 1997.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of William Alexander FORREST MACKNIGHT (76) & JANET Helen BURNIE}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 98. LYNDA Janet Christina Hazel MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 4 May 1961.
\par 
\par LYNDA Janet Christina Hazel married GREG VANDEN KROONENBERG. Born on 28 Feb 1962.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab BENJAMIN James Gregory. Born on 25 Jul 1986.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab LUKE Forrest Emile. Born on 28 Mar 1988.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab ALANNA Janet Mable. Born on 15 Aug 1990.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 99. JAMES Forrest MACKNIGHT.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 6 Jul 1962.
\par 
\par JAMES Forrest married DEBORAH Lee ROGERS. Born on 23 Aug 1965.
\par 
\par They had one child:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab MICHAEL James Forrest. Born on 24 Dec 1992.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 Family of MARGARET Jennie MACKNIGHT (77) & LEONARD Howard MURDOCH}{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 100. DENNIS Leonard MURDOCH.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 25 Mar 1959 in Chatham, NB.
\par 
\par On 2 Jun 1986 when DENNIS Leonard was 27, he married PAULA MURDOCH, in Loggieville, NB. Born on 30 Jun 1964 in Loggieville, NB.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab LEONARD John. Born on 26 May 1987 in Chatham, NB.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab DENNIS Kyle. Born on 22 Mar 1989 in Chatham, NB.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 101. GERTRUDE Margaret Colleen MURDOCH.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 19 May 1960 in Chatham, NB.
\par 
\par GERTRUDE Margaret Colleen married RONALD FORBES. They were divorced.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab KELLY Dawn. Born on 11 Jul 1978.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab RONALD Leonard Scott. Born on 9 Aug 1979.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 102. FORREST Cecil MURDOCH.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 10 Sep 1961 in Chatham, NB.
\par 
\par On 6 Oct 1983 when FORREST Cecil was 22, he married LINDA COMEAU, in Chatham, NB.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab MEGAN Gabrielle. Born on 21 Apr 1981 in Chatham, NB.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab CANAIN. Born on 31 Oct 1993 in Chatham, NB.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab REID Allen. Born on 17 Feb 1997 in Chatham, NB.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 103. LILLIAN Sheila MURDOCH.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 26 Nov 1962.
\par 
\par On 23 Aug 1986 when LILLIAN Sheila was 23, she married CHRISTOPHER Robert MACLEAN, in Chatham, NB.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab HEATHER Ann Margaret. Born on 6 Apr 1984 in Chatham, NB.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab DAVID Forrest Leonard. Born on 25 Mar 1985 in Chatham, NB.
\par \tab \tab iii.\tab CHRISTOPHER Robert. Born on 7 Oct 1988 in Chatham, NB.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 104. RONALD Allen MURDOCH.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 28 Aug 1966 in Chatham, NB. RONALD Allen died in Loggieville, NB, on 26 Jun 1995; he was 28. Killed in a motorcycle accident.
\par 
\par RONALD Allen married BONNIE Lynn MACKNIGHT (81) , daughter of Robert ERNEST Albert MACKNIGHT (46) (21 Sep 1918-1998) & ISLA Gertrude REYNOLDS (1926-). Born on 15 Sep 1965.
\par 
\par They had one child:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab LAURA Ida Margaret. Born on 7 Jul 1986.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 105. TAMMY Arlene Irene MURDOCH.}{\fs20\insrsid13597543  Born on 3 May 1968 in Chatham, NB.
\par 
\par On 9 Sep 1990 when TAMMY Arlene Irene was 22, she married BRENDON KRYSVELD.
\par 
\par They had the following children:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-2140\li2140\ri0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1540\tx2160\tx2880\tx3640\faauto\rin0\lin2140\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 \tab \tab i.\tab FELECIA Ann Hazel. Born on 26 Mar 1987 in Chatham, NB.
\par \tab \tab ii.\tab PAUL David. Born on 8 Jun 1991 in Chatham, NB.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\b\fs28\insrsid13597543 Sources}{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543  }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sl240\slmult0\nowidctlpar\tqr\tx720\tqr\tx1530\tx2160\tx2880\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\fs20\insrsid13597543 
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 1. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'931901 Canadian Census,\'94 Northumberland Co., NB, Web-based Data Base, Ancestry.com, FILM: T-6442; DIV: 19-D1; PAGE: 5.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 2. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93Michelle Falkjar\rquote s Death Register Index,\'94 1888-1920, Northumberland Co., NB, Microfilm, NB Archive, FILM: F16256; PAGE: 210; LINE: 373.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 3. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'931901 Canadian Census,\'94 Northumberland Co., NB, Web-based Data Base, Ancestry.com, FILM: T-6442; DIV: 19-F1; PAGE: 10.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 4. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Birth Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archive, CODE: 1888-M-91; FNUM: F18777.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 5. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'931901 Canadian Census,\'94 Northumberland Co., NB, Web-based Data Base, Ancestry.com, FILM: T-6442; DIV: 19-A3; PAGE: 14.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 6. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Birth Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archive.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 7. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Birth Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archive, CODE: 1886-W-11; FNUM: F18775.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 8. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUM: F15933; CODE: B4/1909; NUM: 1526.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 9. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Birth Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archive, FNUM: F18782; CODE: 1892-M-89.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 10. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUM: F15521; CODE: B4/1894; NUM: 2245.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 11. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUM: F13658; CODE: B4/1891; NUM: 1800.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 12. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUM: F15577; CODE: B4/1895; NUM: 2152.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 13. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Birth Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archive, CODE: 1899-M-38; FNUM: F18793.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 14. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Death Certificates,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archive, REG: 42228; FNUM: F19381; NUM: 152.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 15. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUM: F19682; CODE: B4/1922; NUM: 3548.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 16. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Death Certificates,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archive, REG: 423031; FNUM: F18926.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 17. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUM: F15958; REF: B4/1914; NUM: 2679.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 18. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUM: F15921; CODE: B4/1906; NUM: 1329.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 19. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93Grave Stone.\'94
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 20. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUM: F15968; CODE: B4/1916; NUM: 2460.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 21. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUM: F15957; CODE: B4/1914; NUM: 2215.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 22. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUM: F15953; CODE: B4/1913; NUM: 2831.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 23. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93Obituary.\'94 Times & TranscriptL 12 Feb 2002.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 24. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUM: F19683; REF: B4/1923; NUM: 1823.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 25. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUJM: F15935; REF: B4/1909; NUM: 2424.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 26. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUM: F20050; REF: B4/1948; NUM: 3422.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 27. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Birth Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archive, FNUM: F18777; CODE: 1888-M-90.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 28. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUM: F19692; REF: B4/1927; NUM: 3477.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 29. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUM: F20049; REDF: B4/1948; NUM: 1600.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 30. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUM: F19688; CODE: B4/1925; NUM: 2651.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 31. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Birth Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archive, CODE: 1892-G-48; FNUM: F18782.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 32. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Birth Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archive, CODE: 1894-G-50; FNUM: F18785.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 33. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93BC Vital Records.\'94 REG: 1981-09-017138.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 34. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93BC Vital Records.\'94 REG: 1982-09-007428.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 35. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Birth Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archive, CODE: 1896-G-48; FNUM: F18788.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 36. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUM: F19690; CODE: B4/1926; NUM: 2653.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 37. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Birth Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archive, CODE: 1900-800753; FNUM: F18900.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 38. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Birth Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archive, FNUM: F18062; REF: A5/1902; NUM: 4685.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 39. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Birth Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archive, CODE: 1904-800925; FNUM: F19718.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 40. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Birth Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archive, CODE: 1897-M-41; FNUM: F18790.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 41. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'931901 Canadian Census,\'94 Northumberland Co., NB, Web-based Data Base, Ancestry.com.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 42. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Birth Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archive, CODE: 1901-801277; FNUM: F18902.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 43. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Birth Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archive, CODE: 1906-801672; FNUM: F21265.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 44. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93Obituary.\'94
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 45. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUM: F19758; REF: B4/1934; NUM: 6870.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 46. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUM: F20049; REF: B4/1948; NUM: 1290.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 47. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, F20728; REF: B4/1950; NUM: 3944.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 48. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUM: F20050; REF: B4/1948; NUM: 3833.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 49. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUM: F20045; REF: B4/1947; NUM: 1352.
\par }{\b\fs20\insrsid13597543 50. }{\fs20\insrsid13597543 \'93NB Marriage Records,\'94 Microfilm, NB Provincial Archives, FNUM: F21261; REF: B4/1951; NUM: 3567.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }}